My father glanced at my mother’s reaction, then cleared his throat forcefully, folded his newspaper, and laid it on the edge of the table. “D-don’t you think it’s best not to rush into anything?” he asked, acting as neutral as possible.
I was a little miffed. “That’s not what you said before, is it? Didn’t you promise me that when I became a witch I could go traveling?”
“Well, we might have promised that, but…we never thought you’d become a witch so soon…”
“What does that matter? I worked as hard and fast as I could so that I could go and see the world when I finished.”
“…Humph.”
Defeated, my father slumped back, and after grumbling a bit, clapped a hand on my mother’s shoulder. She was still gracefully sipping her tea beside him. “N-now, you say something, too, Mama.”
My mother set down her teacup. “Goodness. You’re the only one who’s against Elaina setting off on her trip, Papa. I think it’s just fine for her to go traveling.”
“But…”
“And besides, haven’t we been telling her this since she was a little girl? We said we would allow her to travel once she became a witch.”
“Maybe you made that promise—”
“You agreed to it, too. Have you forgotten?” “But…”
“You agreed, didn’t you?” “……”
My father was silent. Well, more like silenced, really.
“Elaina, you’re serious about this, right?” my mother asked me. I nodded. “Of course.”
“Then go see the world.”
“Okay!”
After a brief pause, my mother said, “However, I want you to make me three promises.”
“…Promises?” I tilted my head in confusion.
My mother turned to me and held up three fingers. “Yes. If you can’t keep these promises, there’s no way I can send you on a journey, witch or no. After all, it’s a dangerous world out there.”
“…What do I need to promise you?” I sure wasn’t giving up now.
“Well, listen up.” My mother folded her ring finger. “First, when it seems like you might be heading into a dangerous situation, that you will run away whenever possible. Don’t go poking your nose where it doesn’t belong. Otherwise, you might end up dead.”
“Got it.”
That’s just common sense. I’d do that even if you didn’t make me promise. I’m not ready to die, you know.
My mother continued, folding her middle finger. “Second, never begin to think you are above everyone else; you may be a witch, but you will still be a visitor. You must not get arrogant, and never forget that you are the same as anyone else.”
“Okay.” Thanks to my experience training under Miss Fran, the weirdly arrogant version of Elaina was already a thing of the past. I didn’t think there would be any issue with keeping this promise, either.
“Third…” My mother dropped her loosely folded fist to her side and smiled. “…You must come back. Return, and let us see your smile again.”
“……” “Promise?”
“…Yes.” I nodded slowly.
That’s when my father started crying. “A-are you really going, Elainaaa…?!” “Papa, she’s made her decision. Let’s give her a little push, okay? Besides,
we’re the ones who promised her that she could go. Parents don’t break promises.”
“I was sure Papa was going to a minute ago…,” I mumbled. Luckily, he didn’t seem to hear me.
Wiping away his tears, my father said, “My precious only daughter is already  leaving the nest, huh? I can feel a hole opening in my heart already…”
“I mean, I’ll come back sooner or later.”
“You’re going to die of shock when Elaina gets married, aren’t you, dear?” “Stop it! Don’t even talk about her getting married; it’s too early!” My father
started crying again.
……
So that’s roughly how it went.
It was officially decided that I would set off on my journey.
The following day, I dressed myself in a new outfit. “Yes, the size is perfect.”
My black pointy hat and black robe were hand-me-downs from my mother. “Isn’t it a little too plain?” I did a twirl in front of the mirror.
“Goodness. A plain appearance is perfect for a traveler. Plus, it suits you.” “Thanks.”
“You have money?” “Plenty.”
“Don’t waste it.” “Of course not.”
“And then…ah, that’s right. Just in case, take this with you.” “…?”
She plopped a pointy hat down into my hand. It was exactly the same design
as the other hat my mother had already put on my head a moment ago. …But why?
“Just in case your first hat blows off in the wind, you can use this one,” my mother said to me as I stood there in confusion.
In other words: “A spare?” “That’s right.”
Okay, I’ll take it.
And then, my preparations complete, I stood in the doorway. The two of them were standing there when I looked back.
“Safe travels, Elaina.” My mother was waving good-bye with a smile on her
face.
“Uu, guw…waaahhh…” My father had burst into tears again.
Stroking my father’s head, my mother spoke to me with a gentle smile. “Whenever you come back, be sure to tell us all about the Journey of Elaina.”
“You can look forward to it while you wait.” “We will. Safe travels.”
I tipped my hat, gave them my biggest smile, and said: “I’m off.”
CHAPTER 14
Royal Celestelia
As I sailed over the field on my broom, a ripple ran through the flowers to mark my progress. Bathed in sunlight, the blossoms streamed past with a shimmer and a sound like a babbling brook.
I inhaled deeply, filling my lungs with air, and opened my eyes.
On the other side of the field stood a country surrounded by a wall.
Just how massive is this place?
I thought about trying to fly around the outside on my broom, but I doubted I would make it back before sunset, so I gave up on that idea.
More importantly, the gate was right in front of me, so there was no need to go out of my way to fly around. I kept straight on ahead, enjoying the scenery, and landed.
A gate guard came out and quietly bowed to me. “Welcome to our country, Madam Witch. Pardon the intrusion, but may I have your name?”
It was the usual immigration inspection. “Elaina.”
“How long do you intend to stay?” “About three days, I think.”
“What is your witch title?” “The Ashen Witch.”
“…The Ashen Witch?” The guard stared at me.
“Is something wrong?” I probably looked puzzled. “Ah, no, it’s nothing. Pardon me.”
The guard looked flustered, but he left me without completely losing his
composure.
That seemed to be the end of the questions. I paid one silver for the entry toll and passed through the gate. Behind me, I heard someone say, “Welcome to Royal Celestelia.”
I was wary because of the country’s formal-sounding name, but the city was bustling with energy.
Royal Celestelia was just another strange moniker.
The brick-patterned walkways were filled with people—happy-looking couples holding babies, older children chasing after one another, elderly folks out for a stroll. Everyone was going about their daily lives.
I walked on.
Tall buildings lined both sides of the street, with ropes stretched between them. Clothes were draped over the ropes in the sunlight; someone had put laundry out to dry.
I took a deep breath, and there was a slightly sweet smell. I spotted a flower vase on a windowsill, filled with beautiful multicolored blossoms.
The city before me was so wonderful that it seemed like I might lose track of the time.
I was wandering aimlessly around town when I happened upon a very elegant building. It had a tall clock tower, and the place was so large that I thought it might be a palace. The expansive grounds were enclosed by an iron fence, so I couldn’t get close to the building itself.
Gazing at the clock tower, I walked along the fence and discovered the entrance.
ROYAL MAGIC ACADEMY
That’s what’s written on the gate, so I suppose that’s what this is. Interesting to find a magic academy here… There had been no such thing in my country. Certainly nothing this fancy.
It was enough to make me jealous of the children who lived here.
…I’m a little curious about the inside. Is it all right to go in? Should I go in?
Well, I’m going in anyway.
I stepped onto the grounds. “Hey, you. What’re you doing?”
I hadn’t made it far when someone grabbed me firmly by the shoulder.
“It’s prohibited for unauthorized persons to enter. It’s fine to look, but I’m going to have to ask that you stay outside.”
When I turned around, there was a brawny man standing there. His clothing was stretched tight over bulging muscles. He seemed to be the gatekeeper.
“……”
“…Oh.” He looked down at my chest, and his attitude changed completely. “Beg your pardon. I didn’t realize you were a witch… Please excuse my rudeness.”
“No problem.” I shook off his hand and walked toward the school again. “Terribly sorry, but please don’t go in there.” I was stopped again.
“Ah, so it’s prohibited?” “Yes.”
“Even for witches?”
“My orders are that anyone from outside is absolutely forbidden.” “Who gave you those orders?”
“The great witch who runs this Academy.”
“…Huh.”
“She doesn’t want the secrets of the Academy’s curriculum to escape. She couldn’t bear to have our methods stolen by an imitator.”
“Well then, how about closing the front gate?”
“We can’t do that. It’s almost time for the great witch to arrive.” “…Huh.” I left reluctantly.
Too bad.
It’s still too early to find an inn for the night, hmm?
I continued walking aimlessly. It was fun just wandering around this country. “……”
I looked up and saw a broom flying above the houses, but it didn’t look like it
was just drifting around. The man atop it was zigzagging over the houses, dropping things as he went. When I saw someone come out on their veranda and open it, I realized the man was delivering newspapers.
I walked down the main street and found a street packed with stalls on either side: fruit stands, grocers, butchers, and more. There was also a bread stall, with a sign that said FRESH BAKED!
No bigger lie than that, huh? I bet it’s all stale.
“Excuse me. I’ll have one loaf of bread, please.”
The friendly-looking woman behind the counter grinned at me. “That’ll be one copper.