”
“By the way, they banished me, too, a little while ago.” “I thought as much.”
“……”
As I had suspected, she had known exactly what would happen when she sent me on her little errand.
“Afterward, the queen reversed the concepts of ugliness and beauty, then sent the people who she deemed ugly to live outside the gate. And so she lived in peace, happily ever after.”
“……”
“How was that?”
“Um, I don’t know what to say…” My head had started to hurt.
Let’s start by asking the things I want to know.
“So she just exiled everyone to the area beyond the gate, and that was fine? I would expect that some of the people who lived there would have complained.”
“Of course, some did. But no one thought to rise up in revolt.” “Oh…”
“The people who were upset with the decision were sent away with large amounts of money. By now they’ve probably settled somewhere new, don’t you think? Though I can’t say that was a very clever idea. If they wanted to live in comfort, staying here was the best option. Here you can get basic food and money without even working. It looks like a poor village, but really it’s the other side of the gate that’s losing out.”
“……”
“Thanks to the unfortunate-looking queen imposing her values on everyone,
we live peaceful and uneventful lives, and the people over there can live their lives free of disappointment. Holding us in contempt lets them feel better.”
“…Ah.” I see.
So to someone looking over from the other side, everyone over here lives an awful life that leaves them thinking, I never want to be like that. Each side holds on to the idea that the people beyond the gate are worse off than they are, and that keeps the peace.
It’s clever, yet pathetic, and yet just…ridiculous.
“Well, that concludes my story. What do you think? Did I answer all of your questions?” She held out a hand.
As I placed the book I had bought into her hand, I said, “Yes, mostly. I don’t have any more questions.” I’m still stressed out, though. “By the way, why did you want this book?”
“This is a new release, but they mostly sell them inside the wall. So I got some help from a passing traveler.”
“……”
I see. She used me for something very trivial, didn’t she?
“And aren’t you glad you got to see what it’s like over there?”
“True…but I got a little angry when they were so blatantly discriminatory toward me over there.”
“Oh… S-sorry about that,” she apologized earnestly. “I don’t mind.”
Besides, I’ve got a modest bit of revenge waiting for you every fifty pages in that book.
“As a traveler, what did you think of this land?” she asked me as she was opening the book.
It’s very peaceful, but it has a very strange arrangement. Two places in one. If I was going to express my thoughts in one word, it would be—
“Strange. I think it’s a strange country.”
I felt it could be summed up in that one word. “I think so, too,” she agreed, turning the page.
CHAPTER 12
The Queen of an Empty Country
If you use this map, you oughtta be able to get to the next country. Good luck, missy.
The head of the village I had stayed in the day before had said something like that and pressed a map into my hands, so I had tried my best to follow it.
I spent half a day flying my broom at a low altitude, grazing the ground with the map in one hand. Sure enough, I eventually made it to my destination without incident.
Still, well, how should I put it…? “……”
This place is a ruin, isn’t it? There’s nothing here.
Everything was dead. The gate closing off the outside world was left open, and I flew right in without getting off my broom. The interior was in the same state—some houses were roofless, overgrown with moss; some were just skeletal structures; some had been reduced to so much rubble. Rubbish, debris, wreckage everywhere.
There was no sign of life at all, let alone people. Surely, the residents had left long ago. The palace, the symbol of any nation, had retained a comparatively decent exterior, though of course it, too, was abandoned. The outer wall was so full of cracks it seemed like it might crumble at the slightest tap. The wooden door to the palace, however, was unyielding whether I pushed or pulled.
“…Hmm.”
I was at a loss. No, really.
Let me see, what should I do? I sat down on the stairs leading to the palace and started to pout, but there was no one here to ask if I was okay, so I just hung my head instead.
Do I spend another half day going back the way I came? Or do I spend a night
here? These were the two options open to me. And I didn’t want to choose either of them. If I tried to follow the road I had come down, night would fall before I reached a place to stay. Even if I made it back to the village without incident, I didn’t know if there was an inn there that would welcome me in. But deciding to forget about the village and sleep here was a troubling proposition, too.
I mean, this place was in ruins.
“…Sigh.”
Unfortunately, staying the night in the abandoned palace was the lesser of two evils, and that’s what I chose.
When push comes to shove…I really don’t want to, but there’s no way around it.
I’ll stay here.
I stood up. I had to search for a place to sleep.
After surveying the small city from above on my broom, I concluded that the most intact building was the palace. The houses were not an option. Most of them were so crumbled they were useless.
The door to the palace was shut tight, but if you thought about it, the place was already uninhabited.
.   Is it okay? …I can do this, right?
“…Hng.” After checking to make sure there was no one around, I used a spell to set the door aflame, reducing it to ash in moments.
“Pardon the intrusion…” I went in.
Despite the cracked exterior, the inside of the palace was still in good condition. It was covered in dust, but I had no objections to sleeping there.
Well then, let’s start the search. First up is securing a bedroom.
The empty castle was filled with an eerie atmosphere. It was vaguely disquieting, as if some strange thing might leap out at me at any moment. Feeling a curious chill, I searched for the stairs. I had walked through quite a few
palaces as a traveler, so I knew very well that there would be no room to suit my purposes on the first floor. If there was a bedroom, it would be on the second floor. There should also be the bedrooms for the royal family higher up.
I found the stairs within minutes of starting my search and walked up along the dusty carpet.
And then… “Who are you?”
…I heard a voice.
Reeling as if I had been stabbed in the heart, I looked up and saw a girl standing on the stairs in front of me.
I was about to cry, for more than one reason.
“I didn’t think anyone was living here.” “I didn’t expect anyone to come by.”
She had shown me to an elegant bedroom. As far as furnishings went, there was only a desk and a bed, but the room was quite spacious. I guessed that the entire house I had stayed at in the previous village could fit inside this room. What is this? What’s going on? Has she been sleeping here? It’s so luxurious.
“Where did you come from?” She pulled out a chair (a very expensive-looking chair, glittering in pointless gilded splendor) and sat down, then looked at me gently.
“I came from a country far, far away,” I said, “I am a traveler.” “May I ask your name?”
“Elaina.”
“Is that so? I am Mirarose. Nice to meet you.” She smiled.
She had hair as red as blood, and as unkempt as if she’d been zapped with electricity. She wore a tattered dress, too. I was anxious that she might be prone to violence, but she seemed much nicer than I had expected.
“Why are you here, Mirarose?”
“…I don’t know.”
“Huh? What do you mean, you don’t know?”
“I don’t know why I’m here.” Mirarose’s expression twisted. “When I awoke, I was in this ruined place.”
“That’s…”
It must be amnesia. But how? The country hadn’t met its demise yesterday or today. Even by a conservative estimate, it had already been in shambles for at least a month.
I asked her the first thing that came to mind. “Why haven’t you left? You could probably live a better life if you moved somewhere else instead of staying here. If you need money, I’m sure you can find some.”
If necessity arises, you can always steal valuables from the castle, too.
“……”
She seemed to mull it over for a little while, and then stood up. She pulled a single piece of paper out of a desk drawer and beckoned me over. “Here’s the reason why I can’t leave.”
She showed me the paper. It was covered from top to bottom in messy, meandering handwriting.
It seemed to be a letter. At her urging, I read it.
You, reading this letter, are the queen Mirarose. You know nothing, but I am certain of this.
Why are you here? Why is everything you see outside the window ruined? Why don’t you have any memories?
You must be bewildered, faced with all these unknowns, but I want you to be at ease. I will endeavor to explain a bit.
If you are expecting this letter to unravel the great tangle of mysteries you face, you will be disappointed. But at least you can avoid ending your life early with a bad decision. In other words, if you don’t wish to die, read on.
By the way, is it currently daytime there, or is it evening?
I’ll write with the assumption that it’s night. If it happens to be daytime, well, you can just tuck away into a corner of your mind the knowledge that what I am about to tell you will be important later.
I want you to look out the window. You will see a monster on a  rampage, I’m sure. That monster is the devil that destroyed this land and the source of your amnesia. It has no name. If we were to borrow from  the name of this place and give it a provisional name, we could call it the Javalier.
It rises at sunset and destroys everything it can until sunrise. If you leave the castle to find food, I recommend going during the day. You are safe inside there, as it is the only place the Javalier will not enter.