”
“That makes it even more suspicious. All it does is tear apart the town; it doesn’t have a shred of intelligence. Could it really track you down? Plus, it doesn’t make any sense that it can’t come into the castle, and the author didn’t even sign their name… It’s a truly puzzling letter.”
“So you don’t believe it.”
“I don’t. Mirarose, have you made up your mind to fight that monster all the same?”
“Of course.” She nodded.
In that case, I knew what I had to do.
I took a bite of my jam-covered toast. The odd-tasting jam stuck to the inside of my mouth.
The preparations proceeded without delay. However, I did them all myself. “……”
…I’m exhausted.
Mirarose was elegantly sipping tea and watching me work. “How is it?” she asked in a carefree tone. “Does it seem like you’ll finish?”
I turned around, still waving my wand around like mad, and said, “…H-how long do I have to do this until it’s finished anyway?”
Peering down into the hole, she answered cheerfully, “Let’s see. It looks like you’re about halfway through the digging.”
“…I’m gonna die.” I’m sure it’s just my imagination, but there seems to be an imbalance between the amount of manual labor I’m doing and what I’m getting in return.
If you’re wondering what she was making me do, I was digging a hole. “I want you to go to the broadest street in town and use magic to dig a hole large enough for the Javalier to completely fit inside.” That was her “preparations.”
According to her, the Javalier had no wings, so if it fell into a pit, it should take some time for it to climb back to ground level.
“If we cast magic spells at it nonstop while it’s down there, we should be able to bury the Javalier, right?”
That was her plan.
At first glance, one might think this was a reckless plan, but right now, this primitive pitfall trap was our best bet against the mysterious monster. Just one attack should be enough to blast the Javalier apart, so if Mirarose could simply block any sort of counterattack, we could expect the plan to be quite effective.
If the preparations didn’t kill me first. “H-hup…urgggh…”
We had gathered up every single scoop and shovel, and even bucket, in the
area, and I was doing my best to operate them all at once using magic. I think I deserved a pat on the back for that. I wanted to be praised for my efforts and hard labor.
Well, I was the Ashen Witch, and I had earned my title with real ability. Of course, I could have done this more efficiently—excavating directly into the ground, for example. However, that would have exhausted an extraordinary
amount of magical power. I weighed the alternatives of my own physical labor versus exhausting my magic and chose plain hard work.
And this was the result. “…Guhaaa…”
And yes, I did regret it.
This is so hard I might actually die.
Eventually, Mirarose started helping, and we made good progress. Even so, it took a good while, and the pit was completed around nightfall. The two of us stood there happily in front of our beautiful hole. After laboring together, I felt a somewhat strange friendship blooming between us. Maybe it was my imagination.
“…It won’t be long,” Mirarose said. She looked somewhat stiff from nervousness.
“Are you all right?”
“I’m f-f-f-fine. Yes, I’m all right.”
Somehow, I’m not convinced. “You’re shaking a lot, though.” “I’m t-t-t-trembling with excitement. C-can’t you tell?” “……”
Are you really going to be able to fight like this?
I racked my brain thinking about how to calm her nerves and hit upon the brilliant idea of changing the subject. I’m a genius.
“Come to think of it, I forgot to ask you something.” “Oh? What could that be?”
“Why do you wear tattered dresses, Mirarose? Do you not have any nice clothing?” I said.
“Oh, no. It’s just that my clothes always get like this when I cook, and changing is a pain, so I just wear them this way.”
“What kind of cooking are you doing…?” I was disappointed by the trivial
explanation. I was expecting her clothes to be hiding a big secret. “Anyway, this will serve as my uniform for the battle.”
“But now they’re tattered and muddy.”
“Actually, my undergarments are also part of the uniform.” “Are you planning to show them off to the Javalier?”
“It’s an attack with sex appeal.” “If only that would work.”
As we continued our ridiculous conversation, the smile returned to her face.
Thank goodness. My strategy was a success.
However, just as the relief set in, she said, “Thank you.”
“…Huh? For what?” I turned my face away from her. The heat I felt in my cheeks was just from the sunset. Definitely.
“I understand what you’re trying to do. You’re trying to ease my nerves.”
“Hey now, we were just having a chat. I’m sorry if you felt that way. Don’t be upset.”
“You’re ridiculously straightforward, and yet you can’t be honest.” Mirarose poked me in the side with her wand. It tickled. “I’m fine. I won’t die,” she said. “Let’s meet up again afterward. I’ll treat you to my home cooking for dinner.”
“That’s all right. I’ll make dinner tonight,” I said. “So don’t die, okay?”
“Of course not.” As she spoke, Mirarose used magic to hide the surface of the pit. This way, the Javalier should run right into it without knowing any better.
The last rays of the setting sun painted the distant sky red. The horizon split into distinctly red and blue halves, both of which would soon be overtaken by the darkness. And not long after that, the Javalier would come.
“All right, off you go.” Mirarose pushed me away.
“See you later,” I said, and she smiled gently at me again. And so I turned my back on her and walked off.
Hang on—who said I was leaving?
That was a joke. If I left now, it would be all over for my humanity. Though I think I was being very levelheaded when I turned her down at first.
At the moment, I was inside a house on the other side of the pit, waiting quietly for the right time to strike. The strategy was to make a concentrated attack. To be honest, I hadn’t been planning to help if I could avoid it. I mean, the situation didn’t have anything to do with me. I had no idea whether it was worth risking my life, or whether there was any real need to defeat the monster.
But my feelings had changed, just a little. I didn’t want to let that wonderful girl die. That’s why I was going to fight.
And I was going to fight hard enough to survive, of course.
Even now, I couldn’t just jump in and offer to help, but I hope it’s a forgivable offense.
“……”
Before long, I heard a dreadful roar that sounded as if it had welled up from hell itself. It was very near. When I sneaked a peek outside, I could see black scales slowly passing by.
If it continues on that path, it ought to fall right into the pit.
“…Phew,” I sighed deeply.
It was strange. Even though I had only just met her yesterday, I really wanted Mirarose to live. When this was over, we would make dinner together, and I would take the opportunity to see her fierce style of cooking. I was really intrigued by it.
As I lost myself in thought, at last the time came, and I heard the monster howling. The sound of its rampage was fainter than before, but the reverberations still reached my hiding place.
I stealthily peeked outside, where Mirarose was fighting an admirable battle. She was mercilessly launching spell after spell against the Javalier as it attempted to crawl up out of the hole. Spears of ice, balls of fire, swords and
axes made with magic, blades of wind and lightning bolts, and other spells rained down on the monster.
Eh? Huh? She looks like she might win, I thought for a moment, but my first impression was mistaken. She was definitely doing her best, but Mirarose was struggling.
The Javalier was blowing flames up into the sky, negating Mirarose’s spells as it tried to crawl back up out of the hole.
If I’m going out there, now’s my chance. If we strike at it together, we should be able to send it back into the hole again. And then bury it there.
I shut my eyes and took another deep breath. I gripped my wand tightly. Let’s do this.
“Mirarose!” I readied myself and leaped out into the open.
Just as I did, something whizzed by my side with unbelievable speed.
Whoosh. Smearing my face with something as it went, it crashed into the house behind me with a thunderous noise.
I touched my hand to my face and noticed a faint iron smell. This slimy, lukewarm liquid was blood.
…Blood. No way. No, it can’t be…
Struggling to keep my pounding heart under control, I turned around. “……Ah.”
There, buried in a mountain of rubble…
…it was…
…the black, dragon-like head of the Javalier. It had been cleanly decapitated, as if with a very sharp blade; fresh blood was pouring from the wound and pooling on the ground beneath it.
Why is the Javalier’s head here? Huh? Don’t tell me…don’t tell me she won without me?
I was standing there, unable to fully grasp the situation, when I heard a voice. “…While I was battling the Javalier, I remembered.” Her icy tone sent chills up
my spine, and at first I doubted it was Mirarose at all.
But when I turned around, Mirarose was the one standing beside the headless Javalier.
“I remembered all of it, everything, everything, everything. Ah-ha, ah-ha-ha- ha, ha-ha!”
I wondered whether this girl was really the one I knew.
Tearing at her own hair, Mirarose cast more spells. Instantly, the four limbs of the headless Javalier were severed and flew off in different directions. The flying cuts of meat sprayed blood as they went, covering the already destroyed city with gore.
“……”
I shuddered.
She was smiling, bathed in blood. Her expression wasn’t the gentle smile she showed me this morning, but something twisted and dark.
“Ah-ha, ah-ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!”
Words failed me. I could do nothing but stand there in shock.