After bowing, the guard made way.
The gently sloping plains stretched out into the distance beyond the wall. “Elaina.” Miss Fran spoke from the air one final time. “Let’s meet again
someday. Until then, safe travels.” Of course, as always, she was smiling.
So I smiled back. “…Okay!”
A broom sped over the plains.
Flowers shimmered in the brilliant sunlight, swaying in the breeze beneath an endless clear blue sky.
Riding on the broom was a witch—a traveler. She was still quite young—in her late teens, to be precise. Her ashen hair billowed behind her, and her lapis lazuli eyes were focused on the horizon dividing the vast plain and the great blue sky. Wearing a black pointy hat and black robe, as well as a star-shaped brooch, she flew on, scattering flower petals in her wake.
She turned her broom toward parts of the world she had not yet seen. What kind of country would she visit next? What kind of people would she meet next? Perhaps a country full of mages, or a country with unreasonably high prices, or maybe the country itself would be in ruins.
Pondering such things, the traveler flew on. That traveler…who in the world could she be? That’s right. She’s me.
Afterword
Nice to meet you; my name is Jougi Shiraishi. This book, Wandering Witch: The Journey of Elaina, was self-published on the Amazon Kindle store at the end of 2014, back when I was a total amateur.
My story went through widespread amendments and revisions at the hands of the editing section of GA Books. They were kind enough to point out every single mistake, from mistakes I hadn’t noticed on my own to typos and omitted characters that sneaked into the manuscript when it was uploaded to the Kindle store. There are so many odd bits when I go back and read the original…
Anyway, among the reactions from those individuals kind enough to read my book in this era of self-publishing, the most common has been “I can’t read the title.” My apologies. The characters in the second part of the title are read journey. At first I thought, Since it’s about a witch who is traveling, why not simply call it The Witch’s Travels? That sounds good—let’s do that. But that was a little too simple, and I realized such a title would almost certainly get confused with other titles when people were searching, so I made up a word by doubling the kanji character. It just means journey; there’s no deeper meaning.
My pen name when self-publishing was Jougi, but as I’m sure you will understand, I didn’t appear in any search results. That’s why I added my family name to my pen name.
And so I must thank you for picking up a copy of Wandering Witch: The Journey of Elaina.
This book is composed of strange stories in which even stranger characters appear. In a nutshell, it’s a strange book full of strange tales. However, nothing makes me happier than the fact that you have added such a book to your collection. By the way, this is just between you and me, but this book is perfect for a bookshelf (although your mileage may vary).
If a second volume of this story comes out, and you line it up next to this volume, I figure that would be even better (again, your mileage may vary).
Well then, on to the thank-yous.
To my manager, M, thank you for all that you do. I’m sure I will continue to cause you headaches as always, but I would be truly happy if you stuck by my side for years to come…
To everyone at SB Creative who decided to start the GA Books editing section, you have my limitless gratitude for picking up my book. Moreover, never in my wildest dreams did I imagine my stories would be included in the launch lineup for a new label. I digress, but when I saw that lineup, I had a moment of panic, like, “Huh? Is it really all right for me to be here among such amazing writers…?” Actually, I still feel that way.
And to Azure, who was in charge of illustrations, thank you for drawing such adorable pictures. Ahhh…Elaina is so cute… Oh no, all the characters are cute… I’m grinning every day looking back at the insert and illustrations, which are just too adorable. Thank you so much.
Finally, to everyone who picked up this book, I’m glad I could make your acquaintance here on these pages. Let’s meet again sometime, somewhere. Until next time!
Thank you for buying this ebook, published by Yen On.
To get news about the latest manga, graphic novels, and light novels from Yen Press, along with special offers and exclusive content, sign up for the Yen Press
newsletter.
Or visit us at www.yenpress.com/booklink