I’m not particularly thirsty, but I’ll take it anyway. The water inside the bottle sparkled, reflecting the sunlight. But now I understand. He certainly is attentive. Who would have thought he’d have a water bottle for me, too?
“So you’ve been charmed by the heart and soul of the plump guy, and the appearance and manners of the well-spoken guy, is that it? What a nice problem to have.” I’m not jealous, though.
The girl laughed dryly. “I don’t really like Fatty at all, though, you know?” She quickly brushed aside my assumptions.
…Huh? “What are you talking about?”
I was sure she was pitting them against each other because she couldn’t decide.
“Fwah.” The girl finished drinking all of the water in her bottle, then answered
me gleefully. “I just messed around with Fatty because I had nothing better to do.”
“……”
“But he’s useless. Does he think this tiny bottle of water would be enough?
I’m still thirsty.” She threw the empty bottle into the forest.
Sure, I hadn’t been exactly kind to the big man in my own internal monologue, and I wasn’t particularly proud of that, but in that very moment, a single wish filled my heart. I sent a plea out to the universe.
Let this woman receive divine punishment.
And boy, did it ever.
It happened several minutes after the girl had thrown the empty bottle into the forest. I noticed her suddenly yawning dramatically, and then she just kept leaning, until she fell over backward with a thud.
Thankfully the underbrush made a nice cushion, so she didn’t hit her head too hard.
I chided her inwardly, then started panicking and wondering if she was dead because she had fallen over so suddenly. But as I got closer, I could hear the distinct sound of snoring.
And that was how I found myself relaxing with this girl’s head in my lap in the shade of the trees.
“Wheeh…muscles, so many muscles…”
This girl’s attitude is awful, and the way she sleeps is just as awful. What visions of hell must she be seeing for there to be nothing but muscles?
I wasted several minutes staring at her drool-covered face and listening to her terrible sleep talk. Then a single silhouette appeared in the distance. Who could that be? Well, there’s no need to wonder, the first one to return is obviously going to be…
“……Ah.” I blinked a few times and looked back at the figure running toward me. But no matter how many times I checked, the person approaching us was
him.
It was Mr. Porky. It was Fatty.
…How?
Huffing and puffing, covered in sweat and grease, he finally reached us with a triumphant grin. “Heh, hah… I did it, I w-won… heh…”
Ah, I was foolish to feel sympathy for him earlier. As he looked around and confirmed that Mr. Perfect had not yet returned, his expression was extremely revolting.
The phrase physically impossible crossed my mind. Yeah, this is actually physically impossible.
But where was Mr. Perfect? My gaze followed Mr. Porky’s dripping sweat and led me to the answer as I saw a figure approaching with tremendous speed.
It was Mr. Perfect.
When he saw Mr. Porky sneering, Mr. Perfect burst into tears. If it had just been him alone, or if there had been a beautiful girl waiting for him at the destination, the sight of such a softhearted man running in tears might have made a nice picture, but since the person in front of him was a pudgy man, the scene was just extremely surreal.
The man reached the finish line and immediately began his laments.
“D-dammit… Why, why…?! Why did I take a nap in the middle of the race?!”
A nap? Are you stupid?
The fairy tale of the slowpoke tortoise and the quick-footed hare suddenly crossed my mind. As I recalled, the way that story ended was that the careless hare took a nap, and the tortoise who kept giving their all won at the end. It was a stirring story that left the reader frustrated and cursing the tortoise.
Was this a repeat of that fable? “Did you get careless?”
Wiping away the sheen of sweat and tears covering his face, Mr. Perfect
answered, “No… I got sleepy in the middle of the race and passed out, and when I came to, I was sleeping just over there.” He slumped his shoulders.
…Hmm. Is this what I think it is? I wondered.
Mr. Perfect must have been thinking the same thing. He whipped a finger out to point at Mr. Porky and shouted, “You put drugs in that water to make me sleepy, didn’t you?!”
Yep, called it. In fact, there was one more person who had drunk the water he provided, and she was fast asleep in my lap.
Mr. Porky shrugged his shoulders at Mr. Perfect in a dramatic display of contempt.
“Heh, hah… Do you have any proof?” For some reason, it was incredibly irritating to me that he had suddenly decided to become talkative after the race was over.
But it looks like he dug his own grave. Taking care not to wake her up, I slowly lowered the sleeping girl’s head from my lap and stood up.
“If you want proof, here it is—” Just as the words left my mouth and I shoved the bottle out at him, I realized it was already empty. Of course, there was no proof there.
I had had a bad feeling about it, so I had dumped out the contents.
What a mistake.
As I stood there awkwardly, Mr. Porky’s mood seemed to improve even further. “See?! You don’t have any proof anywhere! All right, she’s mine! Hee- hee!”
“…Ugh.”
“…Ugh.”
Unfortunately, there was no way to prove he had done something wrong—
Wait, no. Wasn’t there one more thing?
I put the bottle down and picked up the sleeping girl. “Wait a minute. Here’s the proof.”
“Hee… Be sensible. Surely she just got tired and took a little nap.” “No, she went to sleep after drinking the water you gave her.” “Where’s your proof? Is that all you have to say? I’m waiting.” “……”
Ooh, he makes me mad…!
Now, the girl was a terrible person for messing around with Mr. Porky, to be sure, but he had managed to surpass her. He was genuinely evil. I should blast him away with magic.
…Oh, I know just the thing.
I might have lost my cool, but Mr. Porky was maddening, and plus, he had started it.
I was furious.
I took out my wand— “Wait right there.”
There was a voice from above—one I may or may not have heard before.
When I looked up, the giant from the other day was standing there  imposingly. Flanking him were two identical men who differed only in the color of their clothing.
Oh? What have we here?
This time (and this time only) I really felt like they were my saviors.
“Hello again.” I bowed quickly to the three who had descended on us, and the big guy flexed his facial muscles… By which I mean he smiled.
“It’s been a while, Madam Witch.” “Indeed it has, Muscleman.”
It was the incredibly brawny man I had met several days earlier. I didn’t know
his real name, but I don’t think he really minded. He was a strange person whose heart leaped with excitement at the sound of the very word muscle.
He puffed out his chest. “Mm, that’s right. I am a muscular man.”
Seems his skull is still full of muscle, too.
“It’s nice to see you two again as well.” I also bowed to the two men standing on either side of Muscleman.
“Good to see you.” “Yeah, hello again.”
It seemed the two of them had gained more muscle mass. They had tried to trick me, but seeing their sinewy new physiques, I felt a little sorry for them.
“Brother, hasn’t your skin tanned a bit?” “I could say the same to you.”
“Ha-ha-ha.”
“Ha-ha-ha.”
Eh, scratch that.
They seemed to be living the workout life. I ignored the two of them as they launched into some trivial conversation and quietly explained the details of the situation to Muscleman.
Muscleman was livid. “Oh-ho, so the smelly fat one is at fault, is he? Hmm?” “N-no way! I d-d-didn’t do anything! I won fair and square!”
“Don’t lie.” Muscleman grabbed him by the collar.
“Reeee!” Mr. Porky let out a groan that was more like a squeal. “I-I’m not lying!”
“Well, I suppose I’ll just have to question you until I believe your story.”
“S-stop it! You’re being unfair! You just think that an ugly guy like me can’t get a girlfriend, and you’re laughing at me in your heads! But I fought hard, and I won! That’s the truth! Why can’t you just believe me?!” Flecks of spittle flew from his mouth as he spoke.
That seemed to upset Muscleman even more, and trust me, I noticed. At this rate, the cowardly Mr. Porky was asking for a public execution.
Well, that’s fine with me.
“……Mm.” I was watching absentmindedly as Muscleman hoisted Mr. Porky into the air when I heard a voice behind me. Maybe it was because the gross guy was making a fuss, or maybe it was because she had finally gotten enough sleep, but the girl opened her eyes at the perfect moment.
“…You’re so noisy.” Fixing her slightly ruffled black hair, she sluggishly righted herself, surveyed her surroundings, and asked, “Oh, was there a winner?”
There was a short silence when nobody spoke. Eventually, I told her the results. “Oh yeah. Fatty won.”
The girl’s response was simple. After staring up at the sky for a moment, she lightheartedly replied, “Oh, okay. I’m not gonna go out with him, though.”  Frank, and merciless.
Everything froze. Fatty froze and flopped over like a dead fish; Mr. Perfect got all flustered; the two brothers were, as always, having a lively discourse on workouts; and only one of the men replied to her.
It was Muscleman.
“What are you doing here?”
…Huh?
“Oh, big brother. What brings you here?”
…Big brother?
“Weren’t you kidnapped by a group of brawny men?”
“Oh, those were my boyfriends. I was just dating all of them at the same time.”
What do you mean boyfriends, plural?
“I see. And now?”
“I was looking for a new boyfriend.” “Did you find one?”
“No luck. All the men have such weak muscles,” she said, glancing at Mr.
Perfect.
I clapped a hand on Mr. Perfect’s shoulder. His face had drained of all color, and he was still crying.