I returned his smile and said, “Yes. It wasn’t a very large country, so I saw everything I wanted to in a day.”
“Yeah…this place isn’t the most exciting.” “Not at all. It was very enjoyable.”
“Ha-ha, thanks for the laugh.” He saw right through me.
“By the way, what happened to the young guard from yesterday?”
“Hmm? He’s off today. He left the country last night and hasn’t come back yet. Did you have unfinished business with him?”
“Just another joke.” I asked because I’m trying to avoid him.
“Anyway, he said he would be coming back this evening, so you can wait if
you want to see him.” “It’s fine.”
“Mm. So you’re going, then?”
“Yes. I’m not in any particular hurry to get to the next place, but if I don’t leave the country where I’m staying in the morning, I can’t usually reach the next one before sunset.” Plus, there’s a stop I want to make.
I was more concerned with that place than anything here. “Is that so? Well, take care of yourself.”
“Will do. Thanks.”
And so I stepped through the gate.
Then…I could see the forest in the distance. I looked toward the area I had come from the day before and took off on my broom.
A few scattered trees led the way, as if they had been flung from the forest, lending a different hue to the sea of green spreading out before me. The cool wind blew wildly, twisting me around and chilling the earth. Clouds hung in the air, blocking out the sunlight. The gray sky had already begun to turn the color  of lead.
It’s going to rain soon.
In the forest, I avoided the creaking trees that brushed at my shoulders and found the clearing.
There was the flower field.
It looked as gloomy as the sky, and the faded colors were completely different from the vibrant tableau of the day before.
“……”
And the flowers were not only the wrong colors, but the wrong shapes as well.
As far as I knew, I had retraced my path from the day before, so I shouldn’t have ended up in a place that looked so different despite its similarities.
However, there was a certain uneasiness that I couldn’t shake.
I got down from my broom and walked over to the source of my unease. My foot made an unsettling squish when it touched down, and I could feel the flower petals dying underfoot.
A pleasant scent hung in the air above the flower field.
In front of me was a person. The true source of my discomfort was there—she
was the discomfort. “……”
It was the young girl who had given me the flower bouquet, and now there was a man facing her, too. He was wearing different clothes from yesterday, but I remembered his face. He was sitting in the flower field, smiling at the girl.
It was the young guard. “Hello again.”
“Ah, the traveler from yesterday. Hello.” He gave me a very simple reply. “Is that…thing your little sister?” I asked.
He tilted his head. “Yes, I finally found her. I couldn’t believe she was in a  place like this.” Still wearing a gentle expression, he grasped the girl’s hand.
The longer I looked, the stranger it became—somehow, I couldn’t call the girl holding the young man’s hand human anymore. Flecks of green dotted her skin, ivy vines curled around her body, and her vacant eyes stared into the stagnant air without blinking. Her mouth was gaping wide like a cave, and drool oozed out from the corners.
The strangest thing, though, was her lower half. From the waist down, she was wrapped in huge red flower petals, as if a human had grown out of an enormous flower. Flower and human had become a single, bizarre sight.
The guard gazed at her, spellbound. “She’s so pretty. Who would have  thought she was all the way out here, becoming so beautiful?”
“……”
“What’s wrong?”
I shook my head, “It’s nothing. I’m just surprised because she looks very different from yesterday.”
“Ah, yesterday. I’m sorry about all that. I was just feeling out of sorts because I didn’t know where my sister had gone.”
I turned my gaze slightly downward and saw his leg had ivy coiling around it. I’m sure he couldn’t move any more than his sister could. Or rather, he could, but he had probably lost any desire to move.
“……”
He paid my presence no heed. If I didn’t speak to him, he would soon turn back toward her and continue talking to her with vacant eyes.
“…I can’t believe you kept this amazing place all to yourself.”
“…Ah, that’s right. Say, why don’t we bring everyone here from back home? If we show them, they’ll be so happy.”
“…I especially want them to see you, now that you’re so beautiful.” “…Hey, that’s okay, right?”
“…I see. Thank you.”
I suspected he was hearing words I couldn’t. To me, it just looked like a one- sided conversation with the thing that used to be his sister.
The little sister had been able to converse with me the day before, but now she couldn’t even blink anymore. She certainly couldn’t express anything verbally. Her emotions, her physical body, her entire self had been lost in the flower field somewhere. She had lost the ability to do anything except be admired.
Just like a flower.
I flew over a field of grass.
Luckily, by the time I remounted my broom, the rain had stopped. I’d like to get to the next country before it starts to rain again, but we’ll see about that.
“…Oh no.”
Beneath the ashen sky, I saw something moving in the direction I was headed. As I got closer, and the blurry form grew clearer, I could tell it was a person. Without slowing down, I passed by them.
“……”
I couldn’t tell whether it was a man or a woman. Their age was a mystery. I could tell only that they were human. The person was walking along to some unknown destination; if they continued straight ahead, maybe they would eventually reach another country.
All of their features had vaguely blurred together except for one thing, something they were carefully cradling in both hands. I had seen clearly what it was, but I wished I hadn’t.
They carried a bouquet of flowers.
CHAPTER 3
On the Road: The Tale of a Muscleman Searching for His Little Sister
SHORTCUT STARTS HERE
There was a signboard right there, so I followed it obediently. The road was too narrow—in fact, it wasn’t much of a road at all, more like a simple trail—so I couldn’t use my broom. I could have insisted on flying if I’d really wanted to, but I didn’t want to deal with the constant twisting and turning.
With no other option left to me, I walked along the unpaved road that wasn’t a road, trampling grass underfoot. The grass, damp with morning dew, flung water droplets at me as I pressed on. The hem of my robe was already weighed down with moisture.
This might be a shortcut if you’re walking, but I’m using a broom, so this is obviously a longer way around. Shoot.
Anyway…I wonder what kind of place the next country will be.
Trade must not have been big there, if this path was so undeveloped. Meaning a country just as undeveloped as this forest. Well, that’s just my guess. Hmm… Suddenly my desire to go there had vanished. Let’s turn back, shall we?
Just joking.
I walked on for some time, complaining all the while in my head. Finally, a change appeared in the otherwise uniform forest scenery.
“…Oh my.”
A tree had fallen—a big one, maybe several hundred years old by the look of it. And it wasn’t the only one lying wearily on its side; there were a whole bunch.
Whoa. What a roadblock.
However, I could still proceed onward. I crossed over the fallen trees, spreading out both arms as if I was walking a tightrope, then caught sight of a
black shape moving in the shadows of the forest.
Oh, a bear?
Alas, it was just a human.
A giant one, with rippling muscles. Scary.
“I knocked down all the trees around us with my own two hands. How about that? Pretty impressive, huh?”
With a grunt, he struck a pose to show off his muscles. Plenty of people could fell trees with raw strength, but I kept that thought to myself.
“Would you happen to be a resident of the country up ahead?”
He spoke while taking a different pose. “That’s right. I come from that country. How did you know? Could you tell from my muscles?”
“Huh? Do you mean to say that your homeland is full of musclemen like you?”
Maybe I should turn back.
“No, not at all. They’re all scrawny little bean sprouts there.” “What were you trying to say, then?”
“Doesn’t matter. How about these muscles?”
I don’t think I’m going to get very far with this guy. I tried to humor him. “Oh, what amaaazing muscles. Can I feel them?”
“Go right ahead!” The huge man offered his arm to me with another grunt and flexed.
I didn’t really know how best to touch it, so I tried poking it with my index finger. “Wooow, amazing.” It was as hard as a rock.
“……”
“Um, why are you turning red?”
“…Forgive me. It’s the first time any girl has ever touched me, other than my  little sister, so…”
By that logic, do you mean you’re fine with your sister touching your arms? I
see. Seriously, what’s with that twisted rationale? Go die.
After shaking off my dark thoughts, I asked, “By the way, what are you doing out here in the forest? Are you working?”
“No, I’m actually in training right now.” And then he told me his story.
A few days earlier, his younger sister had been kidnapped by a strange group. The muscleman hadn’t been around, and so he hadn’t been able to rescue her.
He had heard from an eyewitness that the people who kidnapped his sister were a bunch of burly men. In order to take them on, he had taken up training here and knocked down all the trees one by one.
…And he had also incidentally taken a part-time job as a lumberjack to make money.
“…So you’re just knocking trees down for money, then?”
“What are you saying? Making money isn’t the point. I need more muscle—so much more,” he denied with heaving breaths. Something about this was strange.
“Isn’t your goal to rescue your younger sister?”