”
“You saw my mother?”
“Yes. She was quite worried about you. If you’re ever close to home, be sure to pay her a visit.”
“I’m planning to.”
Though I’ve come very far, so I suspect it’ll be a while before I can go see her again.
“That’s good.” After pausing for a moment, Miss Fran asked, “Come to think of it, why did you want to become a traveler, Elaina? Was it your mother’s influence?”
…? Why is my mother part of this conversation? My head tilted in confusion.
“Uh, no it wasn’t… When I was little, I read a book series called The Adventures of Niche. That’s what had the biggest influence on me.”
“……Oh my.” Miss Fran’s eyebrows rose just a bit. “Hmm…I see.” She seemed to be mulling over that information. It was a strange reaction.
“Um, what is it?”
Miss Fran shook her head at my question. “No, it’s nothing. So The Adventures of Niche, was it? You’ve got good taste. I like those books, too.”
“Oh-ho-ho. I’ve read them so many times, I can recite every story from all five volumes from memory,” I boasted.
“My, my. In that case, what’s your favorite story? I quite like the last one, ‘Fuura the Apprentice Witch.’”
“…! That’s my favorite, too!”
If I remember correctly…in that story, Niche the witch visits a certain country, takes on an apprentice, a girl named Fuura, and helps train her to become a witch. At the end of the story, Niche abandons the life of a witch and goes to live in the countryside as a normal woman. Then Fuura becomes a witch herself and begins a new series of travels.
“By the way, the apprentice witch Fuura and I are a lot alike.” Miss Fran said something strange.
“What are you saying?”
“Let’s see—what am I saying?” Miss Fran laughed. “The Adventures of Niche is a famous work. It’s very popular even in this country.”
“But it’s a very old story, isn’t it?” “Good books stand the test of time.”
“…I suppose that’s right.” Nothing sparks more joy for longstanding fans.
If I wanted to, I could probably spend part of my travels going around and directly promoting The Adventures of Niche… Though my budget constraints would likely cause setbacks in the end.
“Anyway,” Miss Fran interrupted my thoughts. “When are you planning to leave, Elaina?”
“…I was thinking the day after tomorrow.” “The day after tomorrow?”
“Yes.”
I can’t stay too long. Especially since Miss Fran is here.
“What are your plans for tomorrow? Is there anything you have to get done?” “Tomorrow? No, not really…”
“So you’re free?” Miss Fran asked enthusiastically.
What is going on?
Still a little confused, I answered, “Well, I am free…but…” It wasn’t like I had nothing to do, but my plans were just sightseeing. Technically, I did have the time.
“That’s great.” Miss Fran smiled. “What is?”
“It’s just that tomorrow, there’s something that I want you to help me with.” “Oh. Sure, I don’t mind—what can I do?”
“I want you to help me teach.”
“……”
That’s a little suspicious…
“I want you to help me teach.”
Why did she say it twice? Very suspicious…
After that, we talked about all sorts of things. I got so engrossed in the conversation, I completely forgot about the time. We talked about all the different people I had met on my travels, I told her about the places I had visited, and she told me about people from elsewhere, whose names I didn’t know. The conversation never stopped for a moment.
I wished that time could stand still, but time flies when you’re having fun.
Before I realized it, the world outside was dark.
“Oh my, it’s so late already. Shall we stop here for today and go home?”
I wanted to talk more, though.
As we left the school building, Miss Fran invited me to stay at her house, but I declined. The more she took care of me, the harder it would be to get back to my travels. Parting would become that much more painful.
I walked around searching for an inn in the darkness. During my search, the window of a house caught my eye. Illuminated by the moonlight, the window cast a clear reflection, like a mirror.
I was positively beaming.
Morning came.
After waking up in the inn I had found after a lengthy search the night prior, I quickly changed into witchy clothes and set out.
Outside, I mounted my broom and rose up into the sky, headed of course for the Royal Magic Academy. I flew on, exchanging simple greetings with the young men who had been flying around dropping newspapers on houses all morning, as well as the courier pairs who had replaced horses and carts. I had been a little sleepy still, but the chilly early-morning breeze ensured I was wide- awake.
With the large tower to serve as my landmark, I was able to reach my destination quickly, without getting lost. From my bird’s-eye view, I could see a bunch of people around the campus. Those were the students.
There were about twenty, the same number of people who’d chased after me the previous afternoon. Miss Fran was there among them.
I brought my broom down next to her and stood beside her. I could feel solid ground under both feet.
“Oh, good morning. You’re quite early. I don’t believe I gave you a specific time.” Miss Fran smiled at me.
“That’s why I came early.”
“Oh my. You aren’t upset with me, are you?” “Oh, no. I just want you to praise me.”
“Excellent. Great job.” “Thanks.”
“Well, in that case, it seems we can get started earlier than planned.” And then she clapped her hands twice. Clap, clap.
When she did, the students hurriedly stopped their drills and gathered around. In fact, it might be better to say they sprinted over with all their might. I also saw some students dump the water they had been using in their practice onto the ground in their hurry.
Turning to the assembled students, Miss Fran introduced me. “Everyone, this is Elaina, the Ashen Witch. You met her yesterday, too, so you know that already, right?”
I gave a quick bow. “Ah, hello.”
“Today I’d like to have her conduct a special seminar. She may not be much older than you students, but she is a splendid witch. Don’t underestimate her.” Then, after all the students nodded in agreement several times, Miss Fran asked them, “Do you have any questions for her?”
A smart-looking, eloquent young man immediately raised his hand. “Me, meee! Do you have a boyfriend? Do you?”
Oops, my mistake. It was a dumb-looking, crude young boy. “I do not. I’m a traveler, after all.”
“Only questions related to magic,” Miss Fran cut him off flatly. “Anyone else?”
The next student to raise her hand was a timid-looking girl. I thought she might have been one of the two who had first approached me. She looked at me nervously and asked, “Um… What kind of magic is your specialty…?”
I was relieved to have a normal question. “I don’t really have a specialty. I can perform attack spells, manipulation spells, and transformations of all kinds.”
“Any other questions?”
Someone put a hand up. “Out of all the places you’ve visited so far, which one is your favorite?”
“This one.”
“Oh my. Do I smell flattery?” Miss Fran chimed in.
More hands went up, one after another. There was no end in sight. “What made you want to become a witch?”
“I read a book called The Adventures of Niche… That’s my favorite reason anyway.”
“What country are you from, Elaina?”
“The Peaceful Country of Robetta—it’s very, very far away.” “Tell me the secret to doing magic!”
“It’s just hard work.”
“Is it fun being a traveler?” “Yes. Very fun.”
“Me, meee! How about your underwear? What color are they—?”
Miss Fran pinched the rude, dumb-looking boy to within an inch of his life, and as soon as that was done, the Q&A period came to an end.
The morning’s extracurricular lesson proceeded without incident.
However, since I was completely unsure about how best to instruct the students, I convinced Miss Fran to let me observe for a while from a distance and see how she taught them.
“Oh my. The flow of your magic is all out of whack. Work on calming your mind and stabilizing your energy.”
“You’re sending out too much magical energy. Hold back a bit more.” “Hey! Don’t make the water into swords. Stop playing around.”
…In this vein, she walked around to each and every student, giving very proper guidance as she went.
Hmm, hmm, I see. All right then, let me try to imitate her. I wandered around among the students at an unhurried pace.
They seemed to be in the middle of a series of drills for handling magic. As before, the students were making water inside vases move. It was a basic drill, but the first step to achieving a high level of skill in magic is being able to move things the way you want to.
I was walking around casually when a male student asked, “Uh, Miss Elaina? My water ball won’t stay smooth. What should I do?” The water at the end of his wand was indeed floating in the air, but it was bubbling like it was moments away from boiling.
I see, I see.
“You’re putting way too much energy into it. Ease up a little bit.” “Okay!”
Immediately, a puddle of water formed at the boy’s feet with a splash. “…I lost control of it.”
“You eased up too much.”
Too bad, I thought, looking at him with pity. He seemed very disappointed. Behind me, I heard a small voice, lacking confidence. “Uh, um…”
When I turned around, there was the timid girl. “What is it?” I tilted my head a little bit.
“Um, yes… Um, there’s something I’d like you to teach me…” “Of course. What is it?”
After a short pause, she answered, staring at the ground. “Um, no matter what I do, I can’t really control the water… I can just barely lift it up… What should I do?”
Mm-hmm.
“Let me see you try.” “Huh? Um, okay…”
She gripped her wand in both hands, faced the vase full of water, and projected her magical energy. The vase began to move about ten seconds later.
First the whole vase lifted off the ground, then, as if she had remembered what the actual task was, the water rose into the air out of it. Then, as it  reached the height of the girl’s face, the sphere of water immediately crashed back to the ground.