Copyright
Wandering Witch The Journey of Elaina Jougi Shiraishi Translation by Nicole Wilder
Cover art by Azure
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
MAJO NO TABITABI vol. 1
Copyright © 2016 Jougi Shiraishi
Illustrations copyright © 2016 Azure All rights reserved.
Original Japanese edition published in 2016 by SB Creative Corp.
This English edition is published by arrangement with SB Creative Corp., Tokyo, in care of Tuttle-Mori Agency, Inc., Tokyo.
English translation © 2020 by Yen Press, LLC
Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.
The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact the publisher. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.
Yen On
150 West 30th Street, 19th Floor New York, NY 10001
Visit us at yenpress.com • facebook.com/yenpress • twitter.com/yenpress •
yenpress.tumblr.com • instagram.com/yenpress First Yen On Edition: January 2020
Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.
The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.
The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data Names: Shiraishi, Jougi, author. | Azure, illustrator. | Wilder, Nicole. translator.
Title: Wandering Witch : the journey of Elaina / Jougi Shiraishi ; illustration by Azure ; translation by Nicole Wilder.
Other titles: Majo no tabitabi. English Description: First Yen On edition. | New York, NY : Yen On, 2020– Identifiers: LCCN 2019052222 | ISBN 9781975332952 (volume 1 ; trade paperback) Subjects: CYAC: Fantasy. | Witches—Fiction. | Voyages and travels—Fiction.
Classification: LCC PZ7.1.S517725 Wan 2020 | DDC [Fic]—dc23 LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2019052222
ISBNs: 978-1-97533295-2 (paperback)
978-1-9753-3311-9 (ebook) E3-20191218-JV-NF-ORI
Contents
Cover Insert Title Page Copyright
Chapter 1: The Country of Mages Chapter 2: A Girl as Sweet as Flowers
Chapter 3: On the Road: The Tale of a Muscleman Searching for His Little Sister
Chapter 4: Fund-Raising
Chapter 5: On the Road: The Tale of Two Men Who Couldn’t Settle a Contest Chapter 6: Bottled Happiness
Chapter 7: Before the Match Begins
Chapter 8: On the Road: The Tale of Two Men Who Fought Over a Girl Chapter 9: Apprentice Witch Elaina
Chapter 10: A Gentle Death Slowly Approaches
Chapter 11: The Country That Persecutes Ugliness Chapter 12: The Queen of an Empty Country Chapter 13: The Start of a Journey
Chapter 14: Royal Celestelia Afterword
Yen Newsletter
CHAPTER 1
The Country of Mages
It was a quiet country, surrounded by rugged, forbidding mountains and hidden behind tall walls. Nobody from the outside world could visit.
Above a rock face shimmering with heat in the brilliant sunlight, a single broom soared through the warm air. The one guiding it on its way was a beautiful young girl. She wore a black robe and a pointy hat, and her ashen hair flapped in the wind. If anyone had been around to notice her, they would have turned to look, wondering with a sigh who that beauty on the broom could be…
That’s right. She’s me. Ah, that was a joke. “…Almost there.”
The high wall looked like it had been carved out of the mountain itself. Glancing downward just a bit, I spotted the gate and steered my broom toward it.
It had taken some serious work to get to this country, but I suppose the people who lived here had planned it that way—to keep people from entering by mistake. After all, there’s no way anyone would trek all the way out here without a very good reason.
I dismounted my broom just in front of the gate. A local sentry, apparently conducting immigration inspections, stepped up to meet me.
After looking me over slowly from head to toe and examining the brooch on my chest, he smiled cheerfully.
“Welcome to the Country of Mages. Right this way, Madam Witch.” “Hmm? Don’t you need to test whether I can do magic or not?”
I had heard that anyone visiting this country had to prove their magical ability to enter; anyone who didn’t meet a certain standard would be turned away.
“I saw you fly in. And besides, that brooch you’re wearing means you’re a
witch. So please, go on ahead.”
Oh yeah, that’s right. Being able to fly on a broom is one of the minimum prerequisites for entry. Of course they could see my approach from the gatehouse. How silly of me!
After bowing slightly to the guard, I passed through the massive gate. Here was the mages’ country. Novice magic users, apprentices, and full-fledged witches—as long as you could use magic, you were permitted into this curious country, while everyone else was turned away.
As I passed through the huge gate, two strange signboards standing side by side caught my eye. I peered at them in confusion.
The first sign depicted a mage straddling a broom, enclosed in a circle. The sign beside it showed the image of a soldier walking, surrounded by a triangle.
What’s with these signs?
I knew the answer as soon as I looked up—above the crowded brickwork houses and beneath the gleaming sun, mages of all kinds were streaking across the sky in every direction.
I see. It must be a rule in countries where they only permit mages to enter— most everyone’s flying around on a broom, so very few people choose to walk.
Satisfied with my explanation for the signboards, I pulled out my broom and sat on it sideways. With a push off the ground, I gently floated up into the air in a living demonstration of the signboard.
“So flying is the preferred mode of transportation here, huh?”
And with that, I saw the mages’ country as it was meant to be seen. Above the reddish-brown roofs stretched out like so much dry earth, mages drifted through the air. Some had stopped their brooms to have a friendly chat, while others flew by with bundles of baggage tied to their brooms. There were suspicious, witchy-looking old women as well as children racing through the sky, vying to see who could fly higher.
These people must live their whole lives in the air.
It was a really wonderful scene. It almost took my breath away.
I joined their ranks, soaring above the country, aimlessly surrendering to the flow of air traffic around me. Suddenly a sign secured to the top of one of the roofs caught my eye. It was apparently an INN. I passed it without stopping and saw the word GROCER next. There were others: a BUTCHER and even a JEWELER. As I suspected, life here was lived above the rooftops, and placing your signs on top of the roof must have been common practice.
Looking around, I saw that the roofs on most houses had a window built in that was large enough for a single person to pass through. As I watched absently, one of those windows opened, and a man riding a broom flew out.
So that’s what they’re used for.
I flew around at a leisurely pace, slowly taking in the scenery, until— “Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”
—a scream came from behind me. Steadying my broom with one hand, I held on to my hat so it wouldn’t fly away and turned around.
Ah, too late.
“Ahhhhhhhhhhh!”
Careening directly toward me at a preposterous speed, like a screaming meteorite trailing a tail of tears, the person in question was already only about one rooftop away by the time I spotted them.
Dodge? Impossible.
I reflexively turned my upper body away, but there was no avoiding the collision. With a series of grunts (“Ugya!” “Geh”), we tangled together and crashed into the rooftop below. The neatly lined tiles sheared off with a clatter and crunch, and we finally came to a halt just shy of falling off the edge of the roof. I saw a single tile bounce off the ground far below. Thank goodness there weren’t any pedestrians.
The angle had been shallow, and I had avoided a direct collision with the ground. Plus, the strange person who had collided with me had taken the brunt of the landing, so thankfully I was uninjured.
I clambered to my feet, brushing at a few reddish-brown shards of roofing
that were stuck to my black robe. “……”
“Urggggh…”
The teenage girl groaning and looking around in a daze appeared to be just a little bit younger than me. Her black hair was cut short and even all the way around, and she had an androgynous-looking face. She wore a white blouse and a checkered skirt under a black mantle, both of which were in serious disarray after she got caught underneath me.
She isn’t wearing a brooch or anything on her chest, so she must be a novice.
“…Um, are you all right?”
When I touched the fallen girl’s shoulder, she opened her eyes. “……”
“……” She was silent.
It seemed like she was still struggling to process the situation, so I ventured, “Do you have trouble steering your broom?”
Yes, I’ll admit I was being a touch sarcastic. “…Ah.”
“Looks like you’ve finally come your senses,” I said with a smile.
“Ahhhh!” She looked around again. “Wh-wh-wh-what do I do? What do I do?
There’s no way I can fix this many tiles…” Hey, now… “How about an apology first?” “Ah, s-sorry! It wasn’t on purpose! Really!”
Well, I knew that. “Anyway, are you all right? You flew in like a hurricane.”
“Oh, I’m fine! I’m in tip-top shape, see?!” the girl said, as small rivulets of red ran down from her head. Her eyes were clear, and she had no trouble speaking.
……
“You’re bleeding. From your head.