I’d suspected something was up from the start.
……
Saya.
Your broom control was almost too bad—enough to make me think that you were flying badly on purpose. After all, if you couldn’t fly your broom well enough, you wouldn’t even be allowed in this country.
At first, I had assumed that Saya was a local, but when I asked her about it,  she said she was a mage from an eastern country who had come here under special circumstances. If that was true, it was even stranger that she couldn’t fly her broom. And so…
…Here’s the truth. I doubted you from the very beginning. I waited and waited for you to give my brooch back. “But you hid it and never gave it back to me. Instead, you said you wanted me to stay with you forever. I’ve had it up to here with you,” I told her.
Saya sat on the bed, hanging her head. I wondered what emotion was on her face, but I made no move to comfort her by touching her shoulder like I did when we first met. Unfortunately, I’m not that kind.
She kept her gaze to the ground as if to avoid the moonlight, and I simply waited for her reply.
I wonder how much time passed. One minute? Ten minutes? It might have been only ten seconds.
“…question me?”
I could just barely hear a very small voice. “What was that?” I asked. “…Why didn’t you question me?” This time I heard her clearly.
“Because I didn’t have any proof. That’s the first reason. Even if I accused you and called you a thief, if you had denied it, I wouldn’t have had any evidence. My hands would’ve been tied.”
“……”
“Plus, I believed you’d give it back eventually. I don’t really think you’re a bad person, Saya.”
This innocent, high-spirited girl reminded me of a child who had been spoiled by her mother.
“So I waited,” I told her.
Saya finally raised her head. Her pretty face was a mess, wrinkled up to cry. She wiped at her tears and tried to suppress her sobs as she said, “I was lonely.”
“I’m not your little sister.”
“I know that. I know that, but…I…I wanted to be with you.” Her voice had grown so small. I wasn’t sure whether she was talking to her sister or to me.
If I were to write out what I’d learned about Saya in the short time since we met, it would be an awfully short list, but somehow, I believed I had come to understand what kind of person she was. She was a useless older sister who always let her sweet younger sister indulge her. I’m sure she had always been that way, which was why she couldn’t stand it when her little sister left her
behind.
“I hated being alone. I hated it, and I was scared, so I—”
“Hey.” I flicked her forehead, and it made a firm twik. “That’s no excuse.”
If you hate being alone, find someone to rely on. If you hate being ridiculed for being alone, get out there and find someone you get along with. If solitude is scary, do everything you can to escape it.
“Does it really matter if you’re by yourself now? If you’re feeling alone? Can you become an apprentice witch while you’re still holding on to those fears? Whenever humans are really, seriously trying to accomplish anything, they’re always alone. You can’t get anything done if you’re not by yourself. It’s all over if you have a partner.”
Your younger sister was probably trying to teach you that by leaving you. I can’t say for sure, though.
“…But.”
“Ah-ah-ah. No buts. I won’t hear any excuses.” I covered my ears with both hands and shook my head. No way. My hair flew around wildly and hit her in the face.
Whoops, bet she didn’t like that.
“Sure, struggling by yourself is hard. It’s scary. I understand that. And that’s why…” As I was speaking, I used magic to conjure up a pointy hat, exactly the same as mine, and plopped it on her head. “…I’m giving you this. Let me leave a little part of myself by your side. Then you’ll be all right even when you’re alone.”
Gripping the brim of the hat tightly, Saya said, “But if I take this, you won’t have…”
“Ah, it’s okay. That’s a spare.”
I produced another hat and showed it to her before donning it myself. “Now we match. From now on, you’ll be on your own, but never truly alone. Your sister and I are always watching over you.” So give me back my brooch, I silently urged her.
She pulled the hat way, way down on her head and gripped it very, very tightly, and with trembling shoulders, she gave a silent nod. She looked so weak and helpless.
I hugged her thin shoulders and pulled her closer.
The day had come.
We had spent my final night in the country together. I had comforted Saya as she wept, given her some advice for passing the practical magical skills exam, heard all about the country she and her sister were from, discussed my future travels, and so on.
Oh, and it turns out that Saya is actually a very powerful mage. I mean, I had known that all along, but I never did learn why she was so bad at wind magic.  On that point, no matter how much I inquired, Saya only blushed bright red and refused to answer. What’s her deal?
At the end of it all, we had fallen asleep together just as the sun was rising. It had been a long, long night.
But a precious memory.
I thought back on it several months after I had left the Country of Mages. Six months, to be exact.
About half a year has passed since I met that girl, lost my brooch, and got it back—wow, time sure does fly. Truly.
I had traveled to another country so far away that people would ask, “Huh?
Country of Mages? Where’s that?”
The reason I was reminiscing was that I happened to catch sight of her name  as I was browsing through a bookstore.
APPRENTICE WITCH ADVANCEMENT EXAM PASS LIST
Printed on a sheaf of really cheap-looking straw paper was the newspaper put out every month by the mysterious organization known as the United Magic Association, which was responsible for conducting the apprentice witch advancement exams, among other things. The results for the exams given all over the world, plus a few words from the passing candidates, were displayed on the front page.
Her name was there.
“Hey, no reading in the store.” The shop owner appeared from the back and
yanked away the newspapers.
“…Ah—” But I wanted to keep reading. “You wanna read? You gotta pay.” “How much?”
“One copper.”
I paid, then stuck the paper under my arm and went back to my inn, humming all the way. I pulled my chair up to the window and continued reading. In the article, the girl talked about her most difficult days and her hopes for the future.
According to the article, she had moved to the Country of Mages with her  little sister several years ago. Her sister—and only her sister—quickly became an apprentice witch and returned to their hometown without her. Then she met a certain traveler who gave her the courage to fight on her own, as well as one incredibly stylish hat. She attempted the exam many times after the  traveler had left, but it proved too difficult. However, she kept trying and never gave up, and eventually, finally, she earned the rank of apprentice witch. Now she was going to return home, with plans to train hard and become a witch.
I couldn’t help but smile.
Her very long story concluded with one sentence: “After I return home and become a full-fledged witch, I’d like to pay a visit to my favorite traveler.”
I put the newspaper down on the desk and looked up at the sky. Somewhere out in the endless expanse of that clear, pale-blue sky, she was there.
“I’ll be waiting for you—Saya.”
CHAPTER 2
A Girl as Sweet as Flowers
It was the start of an in-between season, not quite spring, not quite summer.
Cutting through the cool, dry air, I flew among the broad-leaved trees of a forest. The forest seemed to be quite expansive; I’d been making my way through for some time now, but there was no end in sight.
As I wove my broom right and left to dodge the trees overhanging the extremely narrow path, the pesky branches kept rubbing against me.
I couldn’t see the sky from where I was. Far off in the distance, I could just barely make out something sparkling on the other side of the mesh of green. The trees were too overgrown for me to see anything more.
“…Whoopsie.”
Because I had been looking up instead of ahead, a tree branch had snatched my pointy hat. I stopped, went back, retrieved it, and then was on my way through the cramped forest again.
These woods are so dense. I should’ve just flown over them, I thought regretfully, but it was already too late. I had come far enough that doubling back now would take too much time. I could try to force my way up and out, but I had a feeling my hat wouldn’t be the only casualty.
Somehow, it felt like I was always running late these days. As for whose fault that was, it was…well, completely mine, but so what? I kept on flying, mentally complaining to no one in particular.
I don’t know how far it was, but after a while, the path suddenly opened up. “Whoa…,” I murmured.
There in the clearing was a field of flowers.
As I approached, I saw flowers of red, blue, yellow, and other hues spread out below me. Every one of them was standing tall and proud, reaching for the sun. When the breeze from my broom brushed past the blossoms, petals scattered
into the wind along with a refreshing aroma.
The fragrance, sweet enough to cleanse the depths of my soul, wafted up as the vibrantly colored blossoms danced in the breeze. Holding my hat with one hand so it wouldn’t fly off, I slowed my broom.
Here was a whole other world in the middle of the forest. My heart was captivated.
“…Oh my.”
Among the field of vivid colors, I saw a human form.
I wonder if that’s the caretaker of this place? I turned my broom in that direction.
“Um, excuse me?”
When I called out from atop my broom, the person remained seated but turned to face me. She was a lovely girl about my age. “Oh, hello.