“Um, is this the little sister you told me about?” I asked, just to be sure. Muscleman nodded. “Yep, this is her.”
“……”
What the heck?
Having found his little sister at long last, Muscleman returned to his hometown with his sister and her new boyfriend, where they all lived happily ever after.
Huh? Who was her new boyfriend, you ask? Why, it was Mr. Perfect.
“W-wait, please! I’ve been working hard to gain your brother’s approval, so can’t you let me go with you?” Wiping tears away as he stepped forward, his gallant figure was a sight to behold. No matter what he did, it was picture- perfect.
The muscle siblings looked at each other.
“Hmm, so you want to build your muscles. I see.” Muscleman nodded in understanding, then yawned disinterestedly and let his sister make the ultimate decision.
What does he even see in this girl? Well, they say that love is blind, so I’m sure he’ll eventually open his eyes and his heart will cool off. Although by the time that happens, he’ll probably be completely muscle-bound.
I waved as the three of them walked into the distance, then heard a strange moan from behind me. Oh, I forgot about the other guy.
When I turned around, Mr. Porky was rolling around awkwardly on the ground.
He doesn’t exactly inspire me to console him, so let’s just leave him there.
“Hey, big brother, what do you think about that pig?”
“Not enough muscles, hey—ah, hey, wait a minute. Our muscle mentor isn’t here.”
“You’re right. He’s not here, is he?” “Don’t tell me that he left us here?” “What do we do?”
“Ahhh!”
The two magician brothers had finally finished their workout discussion. They looked around in confusion at what had happened, and so I generously explained it to them. Blah, blah, yada yada.
“What?! In that case, our muscle mentor has already completed his journey.” “What does that mean for us? This is a grave situation indeed.”
“Well, that’s how it is,” I said. “Miraculously enough, he achieved his ultimate goal.” I’m sure that those three will return to their hometown and live a muscle- bound life. But that’s none of my concern, is it? “Now that you’ve been released from Muscleman’s tutelage, are you two going to go back on tour as magicians?”
The two of them seemed confused by the suggestion. “Magicians?”
“Magicians?”
Don’t tell me. “When I met you two, you were magicians, weren’t you? Have  you forgotten all about how you used to scam people out of their money?”
“…Ah.”
“…Ah.”
“That’s right… We were magicians…”
“Gah… I’d forgotten because our lives have revolved around working out for so long…”
Muscles are a force to be reckoned with. Well, the two of them have been through a lot.
They remembered who they used to be, and the trio carried on as a troupe of traveling illusionists. And they all lived happily ever after.
……
That’s right. As you might have guessed, the third man was Mr. Porky. “Hey you, why don’t you come with us?”
“Yeah, you’re on the same wavelength as us. You’ll definitely make a good magician.”
The two of them each put a hand on Mr. Porky’s slumped shoulders and made the suggestion very gently. For his part, Mr. Porky just groaned, covered  in snot and without a clue as to what was going on. How unsightly.
But the two brothers seemed to understand.
“Ah, it’s all right. Don’t worry. We’ll teach you everything you need to know.” “From the moment I saw you, I could tell you had a natural gift. Come with
us.”
Finally, Mr. Porky nodded stiffly.
And thus, the magician trio started their journey. Calling themselves Brothers and the Barrel to avoid the problem of combining their names, these men would soon build a circus guild that would circle the globe.
Or maybe not. I don’t know what actually happened. After all, that story wasn’t a part of mine.
CHAPTER 9
Apprentice Witch Elaina
My own story began with a conversation, and I think I remember how it went. “Congratulations on passing the practical skills exam, Elaina.”
“You’ve become the youngest apprentice witch ever. That’s incredible! We’re so proud of you!” The two of them were visibly happy for me when I returned home with a bellflower corsage on my breast. But even now, I remember being in a strange state of mind at the time.
I probably sighed heavily and said something like, “But I don’t feel very accomplished.” I wasn’t hiding my embarrassment, I don’t think; I’m sure that was how I really felt. I didn’t feel like a winner—maybe it didn’t even feel real.
In short, I wasn’t all that happy.
“Did something happen?” my father asked.
“The others were too weak,” I answered. “So it was a bit of a letdown. Now becoming a witch is just a matter of time, I suppose.”
“……Oh.”
“My, my…”
They didn’t know what to say, I think.
I’m certain this conversation is where it started, and what happened  afterward was at least partially the fault of my own boastfulness and pride. Those traits would lead me into some troubling situations.
But after all this time, those are all simply memories.
It happened about four years ago.
I was fourteen, and I wasn’t yet wearing the triangle hat and black robe like I am now. Back then, I usually wore a white blouse and black skirt.
After passing the practical magic exam on my first try, I had decided that I
would immediately enter into an apprenticeship under a full-fledged witch. However, for various reasons, I couldn’t ask any of the witches who lived in my hometown in the Peaceful Country of Robetta. Well, to be specific, I asked, and they said no.
So I decided to use a secret trick… Well, all I did was listen to the gossip. And according to the rumors—
“I heard that there’s a mysterious woman called the Stardust Witch living in the forest near Robetta.”
As soon as I heard this, I took off on my broom. If she’s not from Robetta, then maybe she’ll accept me as her student, I thought.
According to the rumors, the Stardust Witch lived deep in the forest; she was  a drifter who had settled down of her own accord in an abandoned house above the trees. I only half believed that she existed at all, which was why I was quite surprised when I spied a witch in the forest.
“Oh-ho-ho…ah-ha-ha…” “……”
Her hair was as black as midnight, she wore a black robe and pointy hat to
match, and on her breast was a star-shaped brooch. I could tell from her clothes that this woman living in her secluded forest treehouse was a witch, but not how old she was.
And she was playing with butterflies in the grass.
I gave some serious thought to turning back, but of all the witches I could ask, the strange person before me was the only one remaining. Finally, after some deliberation, I called out to her. “…Um, excuse me?”
She noticed me and tilted her head to the side, still smiling. “Oh-ho-ho… Huh?
What’s that? Could you be…Elaina?”
I was surprised. We’d never met before; how could she know my name? “Do you know about me?”
Considering who I was talking to, I had a sneaking suspicion as to the answer, and unfortunately, my hunch was correct.
“Yes, you’re rather famous. You’re the cheeky brat who completely overwhelmed the competition and passed the practical magic exam at only fourteen, aren’t you?”
“……”
“Of course, that’s not my opinion. I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings.” “…No, I’m used to it.”
Since the exam was so strict and only allowed one person to pass each time, as the youngest person ever to pass, I got a lot of attention—negative attention.
After making quick work of mages older than myself, I didn’t get along so well with the witches living in my hometown. After they had all turned down my apprenticeship requests, I was here, pinning my hopes on a mysterious witch who lived in the forest.
But if the gossip has made it this far, there’s no way she’ll accept me. I had already begun to give up.
“Well then, what do you want?”
“…Nothing.” I started to leave. I thought it was impossible for sure.
But she said to me, “Might you be here to request an apprenticeship? If so, then I don’t mind at all. I’ve got lots of free time.”
“Ah.” I was shocked—so much so that I didn’t immediately understand what she had said.
“Why are you surprised? Oh, did you come to ask for something else?” “No, I definitely did want to ask about becoming your apprentice, but…” “Well, well. Then it’s settled. Starting today, you’re my apprentice.”
“Oh, but…um, huh?” My brain hadn’t quite caught up with this strange development. I had expected that if she knew about me, she would refuse me just like the witches in Robetta.
“You seem to have complicated feelings about this. I know what you’re thinking, but relax. I’m not like the weak witches in your hometown. I don’t care
whether my apprentice is a cheeky brat or not,” she said decisively.
Even now, I remember how her words touched my heart. Ah, I’ve finally managed to find someone who recognizes me for my true abilities, I thought.
“Well? Will you become my apprentice? Or will you go grovel to the weak witches at home?”
I bowed to her. “……I won’t be returning home. Please make me your apprentice.”
And that’s how I met the Stardust Witch—my teacher, Miss Fran. Several days had passed since I began my training.
Normal training for an apprentice witch involves learning spells from her teacher and strengthening her technical skills. Naturally, I also thought that was what I would be doing.
But my relationship with Miss Fran was a little unusual.
…No, it was very unusual. A typical day for me back then went something like this:
“Good morning, Elaina. I’m hungry, so please make something to eat.”
“…What would you like?” Making Miss Fran’s meals for her became my daily  lesson.
“Let’s see… I feel like eating steak.”
“Isn’t that too heavy for first thing in the morning?” “In that case, those weeds over there will be fine.