”
I took a copper coin out of my wallet and handed it to her.
The woman grabbed my loaf and thrust it into a bag…with her bare hand. “Here you go. Thanks.”
“Yeah…thanks.”
I took it and wandered the shopping district munching on bread. The long, thin loaf was clearly not freshly baked, as it was stiff and hard. I continued on, grappling with it, and eventually left the commercial area.
Then I saw another mage. This man had a large bundle tied to his broom, and he was speaking with the proprietor of a café.
“Deliver this to the home of Miss Amana, who lives on the west side of town.
Carry it carefully! It’s got her lunch inside, okay?” “Roger!”
“Oh, I’m not so sure about this…”
Giving the café owner a sidelong glance, the man slowly rose up on his broom
and flew off somewhere.
So they’re doing deliveries by broom, I see. This country must have a lot of mages for some reason.
I guessed it was because they had a school teaching magic.
Mages weren’t just handling newspapers and package deliveries, either; some were carrying people, too, in buggies attached to their brooms. Of course, it wasn’t practical for one person to carry such a heavy load alone, so they worked in teams of two. One person appeared to be in charge of operating the broom, while the other seemed to be lightening the buggy itself using magic.
There were mages not only in the sky, but on the ground as well. Some were demonstrating magic on the shoulder of the main street, to the delight of the people around them. They were creating puppets with magic and putting on a play.
Some were singing as they livened up the place with magic effects (producing snow and the like), keeping the crowds excited.
All of the mages were working energetically.
By the way, there was something weighing on my mind a bit.
I think it’s great that the mages here can enjoy their lives, but isn’t it taxing?
So I decided to ask. Asking someone is the quickest way to find out something you don’t know, right?
“Excuse me.” I spoke to a mage girl who was sitting on a bench reading a book (she had neither a brooch nor a corsage, so she was probably a novice). I was in a plaza I had found by coincidence.
“Yes? What is it?” She turned toward me with a soft expression.
“I am a traveler, and there’s something that’s been bothering me. If it’s all right, could I ask you about it?”
“My, what a cute traveler you are.” She giggled. “All right, what is it? I’ll tell you if I know.”
I paused for a moment, then said, “Isn’t it difficult for the mages in this
country to fly?”
She tilted her head in confusion. “Difficult to fly…? No, not really.”
“Even with those?” I pointed to the ropes strung between the tall buildings and the clothing hung from them.
Her gaze followed my finger, and she let out a knowing sound. “Ah… Those were put up on purpose.”
“On purpose?”
“Yes. This country has many mages, right? That’s why we make it so difficult to fly around.”
“…?” I didn’t know what she meant.
“Oh my. Was that not enough to explain?” “Yes, if you could walk me through the logic…”
She laid her book to the side. “The farther you get from the ground on your broom, the more exhausting flying becomes, right? So everyone wants to fly as low as possible.”
“Right,” I agreed.
“But if everyone flew low to the ground, it would get congested. And someone might even crash into a house trying to avoid the other people passing by. That’s a real risk when there are so many mages.”
Ah, I see now. “So to keep people from flying in between the houses, you’ve put up ropes and clothing to block the way?”
She said with a smile, “Exactly. In this country, we believe mages must be considerate of those who cannot use magic.”
“…And none of the mages have a problem with that?” “Can’t you tell just by looking at how things are here?”
I pulled my broom out and flew up into the sky. I wasn’t going anywhere in particular. I just wanted to see the place from above.
“…Wow.” The view from the air was totally different from the view from the ground. The multicolored roofs were lined up at about the same height in a pattern of red and blue, aqua and yellow. The wind blowing past me was pleasant, and I thought about how great it would feel to lie down on one of those roofs and gaze up at the sky.
It would be a good idea to search for tonight’s inn from up here, too.
I flew around aimlessly, nodding greetings to the mages I passed and waving back to the children who waved at me from the insides of buggies.
I was passing the time pleasantly enough when a thought came to me. This reminds me, in one of the countries I visited earlier, didn’t a girl suddenly crash into me as I was flying through the air? I wonder what she’s doing right now? Maybe she’s in training to become a witch back in her hometown.
“……”
I stopped my broom in midair, yanking the handle up sharply. I had gotten sentimental remembering Saya… No, that wasn’t the reason, of course. In fact, the two people who had pulled up in front of me had reminded me of Saya.
“Um, can I help you?”
A boy and girl were blocking my way, apparently on purpose. They wore black cloaks, white dress shirts with red ties, and either black pants or a skirt. No brooches, meaning they were both novices.
“Good day. You are the Ashen Witch, I presume,” said the boy. “Uh, w-we’re students at the Royal Magic Academy,” said the girl.
The Royal Magic Academy. Interesting. They’re from the school that wouldn’t let me in?
“Do you need something from me?”
“Um… Could we ask you to please come with us, without asking any questions?” The girl’s voice was very timid for such a bold request.
This is about as suspicious as it gets. “Why?” “Oh, I said don’t ask any questions…”
“Absolutely not,” I answered right away.
“Huh?! Why not?!” the boy was overly surprised. “Something feels wrong about it, so I’m not going.”
I may have revealed my identity, but why do I suddenly have to go with you?
And without asking any questions? That’s doubly suspicious, isn’t it? Forget it.
“Um, but…”
“First, let me hear your reasons. Then I’ll decide whether or not I’ll go with you,” I said firmly to the very shy girl.
“That’s…not possible.”
“Well then, I can’t possibly go with you.”
The boy interjected from beside me, “Oh, come on! We’re begging you, Ashen Witch! Come with us and please don’t ask why!”
“I told you—if you won’t tell me why, then I can’t go. You’re awfully persistent.”
……
I could see that this was going nowhere. If we continued the conversation in this vein, we would simply keep talking past one another.
Time to run away? Yes, I do believe so.
I abruptly wheeled my broom around. “Oh, I’m sorry. I just remembered I  have something very urgent to take care of,” I lied. And then I flew away from them.
“…Huh?!”
Well, I tried to, but my way was blocked again by mages. There were a  number of boy-girl pairs dressed exactly the same as the first one.
Oh, what do we have here? Things are getting stranger and stranger. Looking left and right, I could see quite a few pairs of students in the same outfits closing in on me, one after another. Suddenly, I was completely surrounded by
a mysterious group of about twenty students. “Hey, you guys. Let’s gang up on her.” “Yeah.”
“If we all work together, we can catch her, probably.”
“Okay.”
“Got it.”
“Don’t hog all the glory.” “Same to you.”
The students were swaying back and forth. I had absolutely no idea what was going on, but I knew one thing for certain. If I stayed here, they’d catch me. And I didn’t know what might happen if I got caught.
“……”
I slowly tilted my broom downward, and then…
“Ey!” I struck the broom and took off with a burst of speed. I held on to my pointy hat with one hand so it wouldn’t go flying off as I blasted through the sky over the city at full tilt.
In other words, I made a break for it.
When I looked back, I could see the students coming after me, shouting something or other. And so began an intense chase, for reasons I did not  entirely understand.
But to no one’s surprise, a full witch had an overwhelming advantage over a bunch of novices.
“……”
They pursued me tenaciously, but I could tell that I was slowly pulling away from them. It was only a matter of time before I shook them off completely. But even if I could shake them, they would have a bird’s-eye view of my movements against the background. No matter where I fled, they would spot me again immediately.
Well, what should I do? How about this?
“…Okay.” I dropped my speed, turned to the side, and flew just below the rooftops. I could see the ropes strung between the houses, and the clothing hanging from them flapped in the breeze as I flew past.
At this height, the roofs made me harder to see from far away. If they lose sight of me once, it should be hard for them to find me again.
When I looked back, there were still several students chasing me persistently.
There were about twenty of them before, so maybe the other students gave up?
But when I looked forward again, I realized that was not the case. Several students were trying to head me off.
“…Ah!”
They had separated and anticipated my movements. They had the home territory advantage. No question about it.
I turned my broom to the left, speeding down a back alley. If this is how it’s going to be, let’s really make our escape! I flew onward a little, and the exit came into view.
However…
“Ah, I found her!” A girl pulled into view, blocking the exit, and stretched a hand out toward me.
They predicted my course again. But if they’re this good…
“Just cooperate and let us catch you— Huh?”
Just as the girl got within about one broom-length of me, I jumped into the air. After it passed directly under the dumbfounded novice, I summoned my broom back to me and flew off.