“Oh my.”
“…What should I do?” Her eyes were filling with tears. She looked like she was taking the situation awfully seriously.
“Looks like you don’t quite have the hang of it yet. I think that at first, you should spend more time practicing getting the water out of the vase.”
“O-okay…”
“After you get the water out of the vase, put it back right away, then take it out again. As you practice that over and over, I think you’ll get quite used to it. Don’t rush things and find your own way of working. That’s the shortest way to success. Do your best, okay?”
“…Y-yes, ma’am!”
That was the best advice I could give. After watching her run off to go scoop water, I started walking around again. As I did, I heard a voice call me from behind.
“Oh, ohhh! Look at me, Miss Elaina! Isn’t this cool?” That stupid-looking, rude boy was wearing a crown he had made out of water. I ignored him.
The students were very enthusiastic (all except one) and came up to me to ask my advice themselves. Of course, we were close in age, so it may have been easy for them to ask me questions.
It didn’t feel half-bad.
The drills continued until Miss Fran clapped her hands twice again.
As soon as the morning’s extracurricular lesson had concluded, Miss Fran’s work for the day was also over, apparently.
Based on what had happened the previous day, I would have thought she also had an extracurricular lesson in the evening, but according to her, “If we have it in the morning, we don’t have it in the evening. If we don’t have it in the
morning,	we	have	it	in	the	evening.	Basically,	it	was	a	once-per-day extracurricular lesson.
“Why do you only do it once?” I asked. She answered, “Exhaustion, of course.”
“You’re	concerned	that	doing	it	twice	in	one	day	would	exhaust	the
students?” I see, I see.
“No, we don’t do it more than once because I’ll get tired.” “……”
I had no name for the emotion I was feeling.
After the extracurricular lesson was over, I followed Miss Fran out of the school building. We flew leisurely through the sky, headed for higher ground. Eventually, Miss Fran landed her broom.
I did the same, and the tender grass swished quietly. The light green of a wide meadow stretched out around us, drawing a gentle arc against the sky. On the other side of a simple wooden fence was the city and its multicolored houses. The trees near us fluttered in the wind, sending leaves floating off into the distance. Beyond the trees stood the school building with its oversize tower, which I had been using as a landmark. There were clouds floating across the clear blue sky, smooth and white.
“Isn’t it beautiful? This is a place very dear to my heart,” Miss Fran said. “Yes, I can see why.”
“I’m glad you like it.” Miss Fran’s black hair fluttered softly in the gentle breeze. With a smile, she said, “I wanted you to see it once, before you left the country. I love this view.”
Her smile was contagious, and I felt the corners of my mouth tugging upward. “Thank you.”
“Don’t mention it. So you’re leaving tomorrow morning?” “Yes. I can’t stay too long.”
“That’s too bad… My students really seem fond of you.”
“That’s just because they’re not used to seeing a young witch.” Not to mention a young traveler.
“Even so, it’s wonderful that they took a liking to you. My students often seem to avoid me.”
“……”
They don’t avoid you; you just don’t understand the sense of distance your elusive nature creates. I won’t say that, though. I can’t say that.
“What is it?” “…No, nothing.”
As if to escape Miss Fran’s gaze, I turned my eyes to the school in the
distance. “Anyway, you’re teaching magic at the Academy, right?” “Yes.”
“What do the students do when they graduate?”
“Usually they work here in the country. For example, delivering packages, or flying people around. If you did any sightseeing here, you must have seen quite a few mages en route above the rooftops, yes?”
I see.
“Were the people putting on magic demonstrations in town Academy graduates, too?” I remembered the street shows, people singing and using magic to operate puppets and create special effects. I wondered if all the mages I had seen in town had in fact studied at the Royal Magic Academy.
Miss Fran nodded. “Yes, well, those people are pursuing their hobbies. Those aren’t real jobs.”
“Hobbies, huh…? But they get money for it, right?”
“Well, I suppose they do, but I doubt it’s very much. Those people aren’t performing magic because they want money.”
“Then why?”
“It’s because they love it,” Miss Fran said flatly. “You’re traveling because you love to, right, Elaina? It’s the same thing. They’re doing it because they like to make people happy.”
“……”
Not for the money, for themselves, or for someone else. Because they like it.
Ever since I’d stepped across the border of this country, the thought had crossed my mind more than a few times that this was a wonderful place. The cityscape was lovely, and the scenery was lush. People spent their days with smiles on their faces. My heart felt a little tug whenever I saw those happy locals. Perhaps that was because my time in this country of Royal Celestelia had, in some way, reflected my travels themselves.
“Come to think of it, what is something that you love, Elaina?” Miss Fran suddenly asked me.
“Traveling, of course,” I answered. “Besides that.”
“……”
If not travel, then what? Well, I suppose the thing that inspired my journey.
“Books, I guess.”
“Books…” Miss Fran was silent for a brief moment, then asked again, “Besides books?” She was as frank as ever.
“Um, what is this? Why are you asking?” “Oh, I’m just a little curious.”
“Are you getting me a farewell gift or something?” I asked jokingly. “Yes, well,” she quickly assented, putting me in a tough position.
Oh no. What have I done?
“…Uh, no, that’s all right, I don’t need a farewell gift. Just your well wishes are plenty.”
“Now, now, don’t say that. Tell me, what do you like? Perhaps flowers or
something?”
“You’re already leading me to an answer.”
“How about it? Flowers. Ah, and butterflies, that would be good.” “Those are things that you like, Miss Fran.”
“I like them, so my apprentice must like them, too, right?” “Your logic makes no sense.”
“You don’t like butterflies?” “They’re fine.”
“I see. You like them just fine.”
“I don’t hate them, but I don’t like them, either.” “How about flowers?”
“And now we’re back back to flowers.”
“Well? How about them?” “I mean, I like them…” “Great.”
“What’s great?”
“That’s for me to know,” Miss Fran said with her usual smile. Despite asking me all kinds of random questions, she wouldn’t answer any of mine.
Even after living together for an entire year, even after meeting again after all this time, she was the same old Miss Fran. I still couldn’t tell just what kind of person she was. But I’m not sure that she really knew, either. I was used to it.
“What is it? Are you planning something?” I knew exactly what she was going to say, but I asked anyway.
And Miss Fran answered just as I expected, winking mischievously. “I’m looking forward to tomorrow.”
Let me see, how should I put this…
“I’m leaving this country tomorrow morning, so…”
“Yes, and I’m looking forward to seeing you right before you leave. Let’s meet in front of the gate tomorrow morning.”
Time passed, and morning came.
Strolling leisurely down the main street of the city, I headed for the gate along the same path I had followed the previous day. I walked through the shopping street, gazing at all the mages flying through the air. I passed under the ropes strung between the buildings like so many arches. I could smell the sweet scent of a flowers blooming somewhere.
I walked on—and I didn’t really want to leave. “……”
Soon I arrived at the gate.
The guard bowed when he noticed me. I lowered my head, too, a little late.
If I continued just a bit farther, I would leave the country. However, looking around, I couldn’t see Miss Fran anywhere.
…We didn’t specify a time, so she probably hasn’t come yet.
“……”
It would probably be best to leave now without saying anything. I don’t know what Miss Fran was going to give me, but guessing from what she said yesterday, she was probably planning to give me flowers. But even if I take them, they’ll just be a burden.
They’ll rot eventually, and then I’ll have to get rid of them, so there’s no point in taking them in the first place. Plus, if I ever see that kind of flower somewhere else again, it’ll probably make me think about Miss Fran and this place.
And that’s not good for a traveler. It would just make me sad.
“……”
If I leave now, I should be able to finish here without taking any painful memories. So I’d really better get going—
“……Huh?” I suddenly halted.
Flower petals were dancing down from the sky. Red, blue, yellow, pink,  purple, and every color you could imagine, fluttering like snowflakes. A sweet scent wafted on the breeze as they drifted down.
Everyone knows something like this doesn’t happen naturally. And when I looked up, there she was.
“You got here very early, Elaina. We almost didn’t finish our preparations in time.”
“Our.”
Miss Fran was waving at me, and her students were flying around her, dropping flower petals from the baskets they held in their hands. Every single one of them was smiling.
“Elaina,” Miss Fran said from atop her broom, “you chose the life of a traveler for yourself, and so I have no right to hold you back. This is about all I can do.”
“Miss Fran…”
“Did it make you happy?”
I answered, sucking in a breath decisively, “Yes, very much so.”
I started walking and stepped through the flower-petal rainbow swirling around me.
“Elaina,” Miss Fran called out to me again. “As you travel, my students and I will be cheering you on with all our hearts. Never forget that.”
I looked up into the sky and replied, “I’ll never forget you!” Finally, I was standing right in front of the gate.