”
“…You can’t decide on the contest?” No, before that… “First of all, would you begin by telling me why you want to hold this contest in the first place?”
The king raised his voice, “Because she insulted the people of the Western side! She said, ‘People who don’t eat rice for breakfast aren’t human’!”
Without a moment’s delay, the queen interrupted him with an objection. “No, it’s because you said, ‘People who don’t eat bread for breakfast are lower than dogs’!”
“Okay, enough. Both of you be quiet a moment, please.” “……” “……”
This was getting exasperating, so I shut them up and took control of the
situation myself. I turned the conversation back to the king. “Your Highness, when I entered this land, the first thing I saw was a strange signboard. It was a perplexing sign, meant to divide the rice faction and the bread faction, but tell
me—exactly what purpose does that serve?”
“It makes it easier to see which side has more people.”
“We put them in place so that we could tell which one was more influential.”
Why is the queen answering, too…? Well, whatever. Calling her out on it would be too much trouble.
“And what has the result been?” I asked.
The king answered, “There are more people on the Western side.”
“There are more people of influence on the Eastern side,” the queen added. “That’s why I said we should decide based on the larger number of people.” “No. We should decide a winner based on financial clout. Obviously.”
“You don’t understand a thing, and you never have.” “I could say the same about you.”
“……”
“……”
As the two of them glared at each other again, I suddenly remembered something. What had they been shouting about when I first entered the reception hall? It was chess and shogi, wasn’t it?
If the argument is over whether to decide through majority rule or through financial leverage, then why were they talking about board games?
Without even waiting for my response, the two of them obstinately resumed their argument. “So we can’t decide after all. In that case, I want to choose the method for determining the method for determining the method for determining the method for determining the method for determining the method for determining the method for determining the method for determining the method of holding the match with a game of chess.”
“No. Shogi.” “……”
“You don’t understand. If we play shogi, you’re better at it!”
“You don’t understand, you always win at chess!” “……”
I felt like I had just gotten a peek behind the curtain. Just to be sure, I asked the king and queen, “By the way, when did this quarrel begin?”
The two of them turned to me and answered simultaneously, “Two years ago.”
“Ah, I see. Well then, I think you should probably let it go, because you’re never going to solve this,” I said, and left the palace. The two of them kept on yelling and made no attempt to stop me.
Now I understood why the residents of each town totally ignored the signboards. It had been two years since the king and queen had said they were going to hold a contest and unify under one culture or the other. Time had just passed by without anything happening, and none of the citizens probably cared about a bunch of signboards erected for the sake of a quarrel.
The signs had already become nothing more than decorations.
Looking at it a different way, it was a sign that the authority of the crown had become meaningless. Right now, no one in the whole land was actually paying attention to what the royals said.
“Ah, Madam Witch. How did you like our country?”
The guard came out to greet me as I returned to the gate from the palace. I passed right by him, and only turned around after I had set foot in the outside world.
Gazing at the curious collision of cultures, I said, “It’s a nice, peaceful place.”
Though I can’t speak for its future.
Maybe the king and queen would realize they had been wasting their time and turn their attention back to ruling. Maybe they would keep dragging it out, and the whole place would get stranger and stranger. Or maybe everything would stay as it was.
Whatever ended up happening, it was no concern of mine.
“That’s right; it is a nice place, isn’t it?” The gate guard nodded with satisfaction.
CHAPTER 8
On the Road: The Tale of Two Men Who Fought Over a Girl
Rainfall sent the fragrance of flowers wafting through the forest. The grass  and trees glittered in the sunlight filtering down through the canopy. A lovely girl flew by, riding a broom down the sole path to her destination.
Upon her breast was a star-shaped brooch. From her pointy hat, which she diligently kept in place with one hand as she flew, to the black robe covering her body, she looked every bit a witch. Just who could she be?
That’s right. She’s me.
I was flying along on my broom, headed for the country closest to the one I had left a few days ago—the one divided between Eastern and Western cultures. From what I had heard, the country ahead was very, very plain. Just an ordinary place full of people who were ever so slightly more muscular than average. Exactly what is normal about that is another question.
Well, if they’re anything like a certain individual I met some time ago whose muscles have replaced his brain, I suppose they might live quite happily, but…I’ll probably only spend one day there and then leave.
Such thoughts wandered through my mind as I gazed at the scenery speeding past.
To put it bluntly, I had nothing to do. That’s why my ears perked up when I heard some distant noise in the still forest.
“All right, let’s go over the rules one more time. The two of us are going to make one lap around the forest path, and first person back to this spot gets to be her boyfriend. Is that right?”
“Y-yeah. No problems here.” “…No cheating, right?”
“N-naturally. I w-would never do something like that.” “…I wonder…”
One man had a lively, energetic voice, while the other sounded heavy and muffled. Sounds like they’re having a race. Sounds interesting, I thought, when there came another voice.
“Huh? You mean I have to wait here all by myself? That sounds boooring!”
The sugary-sweet voice of a young woman echoed clearly through the air, catching me by surprise. My focus shifted from my own thoughts back to the outside world, and I was surprised again when I found myself making eye contact with her.
“Well, today’s my lucky day!” mumbled the cute girl with black hair.
…Ugh.
It felt wrong to fly on past after making eye contact, so I slowed down. Unfortunately, that was my first mistake. As I pulled up closer to the black- haired girl, she grabbed me and pulled me down off my broom.
“Kyah! So cute! Oh, that brooch is something only witches have, right? Wow!
That means you’re a witch, right?” “Um, yes…”
“Amazing! You’re so cute but you’re a witch, too?! That’s so cool!” “Uh, thanks…”
“So you can do magic, right? I mean, you were just flying on a broom! Wow!”
“Sure, yeah…”
“By the way, do you have a moment, like, right now?” “No, um…”
“Yippee! Now I have somebody to wait with!”
“Um…” Just a second! Listen to what I’m saying!
The girl practically dragged me over to where two guys were standing, all the while calling me “cute” and wowing over and over again. The two guys looked me up and down.
“You’re gonna wait with a witch, huh? Well, I guess we won’t have to worry about you getting attacked by a bear or something. Good, good,” said the handsome man.
“Y-yeah. It’s a relief. Whew,” the plump man said, breathing heavily.
……
I whispered to the girl standing next to me, “Just what is going on here, exactly?”
“What do you mean?” she asked, confused. “I’m sorry, I didn’t explain yet, did I? You see, these two are fighting over me.”
No, I got that much. I could hear you when I was flying in. That’s not what I’m asking.
“These two are fighting over you, are they?” I spoke in a very low voice so that the two men couldn’t hear me.
“Yes…?” I could hear her unspoken question in her tone: “Is that strange?”
Feeling a sudden and very complicated swirl of emotions, I took a second look at the two men. The well-spoken man gave a broad smile so bright, even his teeth sparkled. And standing next to this immaculate man, the plump man was soaked with sweat. He looked smelly. A real piece of work.
Despite the obvious, enormous gulf between their outward appearances, the girl was having them compete against each other. Is she an idiot? I’m not sure what she’s thinking. But maybe the plump man has some sort of hidden talent. Or maybe the eloquent one has a really bad personality?
……
Alas, my interest was piqued. “I see, I see. Well then, I’ll assume responsibility for protecting her.”
Whatever was going on, I was a part of it now. “Ready, go!”
When I clapped my hands, the two of them took off running at the same time. “Raaah! Her heart is mine!” Mr. Perfect started out enthusiastically.
“Ngh, phew…hah, hah.” Mr. Porky was exhausted the moment they started running.
Huh? How strange. I expected Mr. Porky to be unleashing his awesome hidden power right about now.
After the two had completely disappeared, I turned to question the girl. “Why are you having them compete?”
“Hmm?” she asked in a muffled voice as she took a carefree drink of water.
She pointed to the water bottle. “Who do you think got this water for me?” “Didn’t you get it yourself?”
She shook her head. “Fatty got this for me. He doesn’t take care of his appearance, but he’s attentive to the little things, you see.”
“Fatty?” She must mean Mr. Porky. That’s a very…direct nickname. It’s not incorrect, though.
“Oh, by the way, there’s one for you, too.”
“…Why is there one for me?” I was confused. But I just happened to come by.
“He slipped it to me just before the race started. It seems he brought a spare, so I’ll give it to you.” She pushed the bottle into my hands.