”
“That’s just sweat!”
“Does your sweat always smell like iron?” “Um, well, um… It’s sweat!”
“Okay, I get it, so just calm down a little.”
“Yes, ma’am!” “……”
I’m not sure why, but I already feel exhausted. Maybe it’s from the collision.
I had been planning to make the girl fix the broken tiles after a good scolding, but enough was enough. She was already a mess; forcing her to repair the roof when she was in this state would just be heartless. Instead, I took my handkerchief out of my pocket.
“Here, have this. Press it to your head.” “Oh…but…”
“Also, I’m going to put the roof tiles back now, so go take a rest over there, please.”
“No, I’ll help, too!”
“In your condition, if you tried to help, you’d just be in the way. Go rest,” I told her in no uncertain terms.
“But—”
“You’re. In. My. Way.” “…Okay.”
Like a stray cat, the dejected young girl sat down on the peak of the roof and pressed the handkerchief against her head wound. As energetic as she had seemed, it was clear she had pushed herself a little too hard. The very moment she sat down, she slouched over and collapsed.
I can put off dealing with her for a bit. It’s not like she’s going to die from her injury or anything. First, let’s do something about this disaster here…
I gathered magical energy in my hands. Instantly, a long, thin wand appeared
in my grasp, accompanied by a faint glow.
This was the special privilege of mages. We’re able to produce anything— wands and brooms and other magical tools, for example—out of thin air.
I channeled energy into my wand and set to work. It was a time-reversing spell.
As the name might suggest, it’s a type of magic that fixes broken things and heals injuries by making time run in reverse. It requires slightly advanced magical ability, but any witch living in this country should have been able to perform it. I’m sure it would have been difficult for the little novice out cold behind me, though.
The roof tiles began to move as I showered them with magic. The broken tiles stuck themselves back together, returning to their original places like so many puzzle pieces.
After all the fragments had vanished and any sign of an accident had been wiped away, I completed the spell and turned around. Now it was time to fix up the girl.
“Okay, you’re next.” “Um, uhhh…”
I approached the girl, who sat up nervously holding her head, and applied the spell. Beneath the gentle light, her tattered clothes mended themselves and her injuries healed instantly.
“Whoa…” I could hear her mumble.
It’s nothing impressive, though. Once you become a witch, this stuff is a cinch.
After making sure that she was in good shape, I hurried over to pick up the brooms that had fallen onto the roof. I decided it was probably a good idea to get out of there before making any more of a scene.
“Oh, um!”
The girl apparently had more to say to me, but I threw one leg over my broom, halfway ignoring her. “You don’t need to apologize. Just don’t forget to
look where you’re going when you’re flying around on your broom, okay?” “Please wait, I have to do something to make up for—”
“No need. I’m in a hurry. Good-bye, nameless novice.” And so I got back on my broom and flew away.
Any human who can use magic starts their training as a novice. Not everyone can become one, and in most cases the ability is passed down through blood. My parents were novices, too.
Apprentice witches rank above novices, but they’re one level below full witches. As the name suggests, the title of “witch” applies only to girls and women. I have no idea why, but women naturally have greater magical ability than men. That’s why only women can attain ranks higher than novice.
There’s only one way to become an apprentice: pass the magic exams and receive the corsage that proves your status. There is no alternative method. However, the exams are brutal, and many people drop out before they reach the end.
After becoming an apprentice witch, one undergoes a very specific training regimen to earn the title of “witch.” This means long days of hard work under the watchful eye of a proper witch, until the apprentice finally wins her approval. The training might last a single day, or it might take ten years. It all depends on the individual’s own efforts and on the witch who is serving as her teacher.
When someone is officially recognized as a witch, she receives a star-shaped brooch with her name engraved on the back, and her teacher gives her a witch title. Mine is “the Ashen Witch.”
That was a pretty long-winded explanation, but my point is that as a full- fledged witch, I should have ranked among the top magic users in this country. I had expected that people would look up at me with envy as I flew through the sky, that when I went to a restaurant they would tell me, “Madam Witch! Allow me to offer you a discount on everything on the menu! Please, eat to your heart’s content!” and so on, but…
“Huh? A discount? We don’t do anything like that. Are you saying you don’t have any money, missy?”
“……”
So that’s how it is, hmm? I suppose if the restaurant gave special treatment to each and every witch, they’d go out of business.
I left the restaurant and went to the jeweler’s next. I wanted to sell a jewel that I had picked up in one of the countries I had visited before this one, and I was expecting a considerable sum from it.
“Ah, this here’s a total counterfeit, see? I can’t give you anything for it.” “Surely there’s been a mistake. Take a closer look, please.”
“I can look all ya want, but the answer’s gonna be the same. Whaddaya wanna do? If you don’t need it, I can get rid of it for you…”
“…That just sounds like you’re scheming to steal it from me, doesn’t it?” “Of course not, sweetie! I’d never do that to ya. So what’ll it be?”
“Give it back.”
By the time I left the jeweler’s, I was in a sour mood.
Well, I’m sure the owner of that jewelry shop is just a bit of a swindler, that’s  all. It’s not like he was treating me specifically with contempt, right? …Right?
Feeling uneasy, I headed for an inn. The day was drawing to a close. However
—
“Hey. This isn’t a place for kids like you. Go on, scram.”
…Huuuh? What on earth? Is this some kind of upper-crust hotel exclusively for rich people? Hmm… Either way, I’m not staying here. Let’s go somewhere else.
I hopped off my broom atop a very cheap-looking inn with a tattered sign.
Surely this place won’t turn me away.
I opened the window on the roof and descended the ladder that led inside.
But halfway down I couldn’t be bothered anymore, so I jumped.
Thud. The sound echoed through the building like a cannonball.
Hey, I’m not that heavy. Rude.
I had dropped into the reception area.
The girl seated behind the counter looked at me. “Welco—” She stiffened.
So did I.
She had short black hair. Boyish, androgynous features.
Sitting there in front of me was the girl who had (literally) run into me several hours earlier.
“……”
“……”
She was the first to shake herself loose from the frozen moment in time.
“E-eeeeeek! I’m s-s-sorry! I’m sorry! Are you here for revenge? This is revenge, isn’t it?! I’m sorry! Spare my life! Spare meee!”
“No, uh…”
“Waaaaaah! I don’t wanna diiiiiiiie!” “Um…” No need for hysterics; come on.
She was grinding her head against the counter and sobbing. “Just spare my liiife…”
I touched her shoulder lightly.
“Eek! You’re going to tear me limb from limb? Are you going for my shoulder first? Noooooo!”
Could you please be quiet for one second? —Wait, no, don’t say that aloud.
“Um, it’s all right? I just came to stay at this inn tonight.” “Nooooo— Oh, is that all? In that case, please fill out this form.” “……”
There were several things I would have liked to say, but I refrained. Setting her off again would be more than I could handle right now.
I took the form from her and picked up a quill pen from its stand on the counter. It was a simple piece of paperwork, just asking the number of people and number of nights, plus the name of a representative. As an experienced traveler, I had quickly grown accustomed to these kinds of forms.
As I moved the quill pen smoothly across the paper, the girl spoke up in a very bright voice. “I’m really sorry for what happened this afternoon. Whenever my mind wanders during practice, I seem to lose the ability to steer the broom…”
“I see.” In other words, you’re a bad flier.
“I really wanted to thank you properly, but you sped off— Ah, so your name is Elaina. I’m Saya.” She smiled cheerfully at me as she watched me write.
“You don’t really need to thank me,” I replied as I continued filling out the form. “Besides, plenty of people get tangled up with others when practicing magic.”
Come to think of it, I once set my house on fire trying to light a candle. My parents really chewed me out for that one. Oh, to be young again…
“But won’t you let me do something for you? I caused all that trouble for you, and you even healed my injuries. I’d hate to leave things as they are.”
“It’s really fine, but…”
“Anything is okay! Please! Miss Elaina!”
I shook my head as the girl begged me to let her pay me back. I’m sure it would have been strange to watch.
Well, it’s not as if she’s asking me to go out of my way for her, so there’s no need to dig in my heels. I gave it a little thought as I was writing.
“Hmm…well then, in that case—” How about I get you to give me a discount on the room? I was about to ask, then stopped myself.
An item on the form had caught my eye. SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR WITCHES (HALF-OFF ONE NIGHT) it read.
Oh-ho! What have we here?
“Ah, that discount doesn’t apply to anyone who’s not a witch. Ordinary mages
should circle the regular price option,” she said, knitting her eyebrows. “I see.” I circled SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR WITCHES (HALF-OFF ONE NIGHT).