” “Don’t you think that’s too far in the other direction?”
Eventually, we would settle on eating bread we had baked the previous day. Then I would study magic on my own until lunchtime. As for my teacher, she would do some kind of strange research, or go out to collect edible wild plants, or just generally do as she pleased.
“I’d really like to learn some magic today…,” I would say.
“Oh, sorry, I can’t step away from this just yet, so could we do it later?” Even
when I asked for her help, she usually avoided the issue. Not once did she teach me any spells.
In fact, she encouraged the opposite.
“Elaina, you’ll get tired if you study too much. How about enjoying yourself once in a while?”
The conditions that an apprentice witch must meet to become a witch are set by the individual teacher, but exactly what I had to do to earn Miss Fran’s approval was completely unclear. She never told me.
All I could do as her apprentice was try my very best. Try what, you ask?
Everything, apparently.
I decided that she might not be teaching me magic as a way to foster my independence, and I stopped asking her questions even when there was something I didn’t understand. But Miss Fran’s demands kept getting more extreme.
“Elaina, we don’t have any food. Go buy some.”
“Elaina, go into the forest and catch five lizards. I need them for my research.” “Elaina, is dinner ready yet?”
“Elaina, there’s a spider in the bathroom. Exterminate it. They scare me.” “Elaina, massage my shoulders.”
I told myself that these things were also necessary to become a witch, and
day after day I complied with Miss Fran’s ridiculous requests like a servant. Looking back on it now, I think I put up with the situation pretty well.
I sometimes doubted her, wondering whether she had just wanted to use me as a servant. But even if I had my doubts, it’s not like I could run away. I could try going home, but no one there would become my teacher.
Patience, patience.
I just threw myself into studying and practicing.
One night, before I went to bed, I asked Miss Fran a question. “Why aren’t you teaching me any magic?”
Miss Fran yawned and then answered me nonchalantly, “Because there’s no need to teach you.”
I didn’t understand what she was saying to me at the time.
I endured day after day, and before I knew it, I had spent a month as Miss Fran’s apprentice.
It happened while I was going through my nonsensical daily lesson, using wind magic to fell timber and cut it up for firewood, then burning it with fire magic, and finally dousing the fire with water.
“My, my. You’re quite reckless, aren’t you?”
Miss Fran was standing right behind me. As I recall, this was the first and last time she was ever nearby when I was practicing magic. I stopped what I was doing and rushed over to her. I thought maybe she had finally decided to teach me something.
However, my fleeting hope was smashed in an instant.
“What do you want? I don’t really have anything to teach you, you know.”
In the end, she really had no intention of teaching me any magic, and she just stayed there behind me watching me practice.
There has to be some meaning to this, I told myself over and over, chanting the words in my heard like an incantation, and earnestly continued my nonsensical routine.
“Before long, it’ll be time…,” I thought I heard her mumble.
In the afternoon on the following day, she tapped me on the shoulder and said, “I’m going to test you now.”
I was taken aback by this sudden announcement and honestly wondered what she was even saying. But more than confused, I felt happy. I bet if I do well on this test, she’ll teach me some magic, I thought.
Miss Fran led me to a meadow. Lush green grass swayed in the breeze, as far as the eye could see. Standing across from me, she gripped her wand and smiled as she always did. “Starting now, you and I are going to battle.”
I was perplexed. Against someone like me, she would be invincible. I was sure of that.
“…Are you joking?”
“Now, now. Do you honestly think I would joke in such a serious situation?”
You haven’t taught me one bit of magic, and now suddenly we’re battling?
This is absurd.
“But Miss Fran, no matter how you look at it, that’s…” “Okay, let’s begin.”
My weak objections were promptly ignored.
She clapped her hands to give the starting signal and instantly closed the gap between us, where she unleashed a barrage of spells at point-blank range.
I was caught totally off guard and panicked.
The sudden test, the deliberate close-range attacks—thinking back on it now, Miss Fran must have done it on purpose to knock me out of my comfort zone.
It was an underhanded tactic.
“…Eek!” And the Elaina of those days was completely overwhelmed by underhanded tactics.
Spell after spell filled the air, each one a deadly hazard. Balls of magic.
Streams of heat. Wind blades. Rock showers. Thunderbolts.
Naturally, I was at a disadvantage in the battle, and it was all I could do just to defend myself. Some of her spells sent me rolling across the grass, others flung me into the air, but all the while I just waited and watched for my chance to counterattack.
“What’s wrong? Is that the best you can do? I thought you overwhelmed the others in the practical exam. Not very impressive.” Fran spoke gently, smiling her usual smile, even as her relentless attack continued. It was very, very eerie.
It’s like she enjoys tormenting me, I thought. In the end, this woman and the witches back home are exactly the same… She let me become her apprentice just so she could crush me later, didn’t she? She didn’t teach me anything and
neglected me, didn’t she?
During the previous month, I had held doubts in my heart the whole time, but I had deliberately ignored them. She’s different. I can believe in her, I had told myself so that I could persevere.
“……”
And then everything went black.
When I came to, I was standing still, in a daze. Miss Fran had stopped her attack and sneered at me. “My, my. Done already?”
That was the last straw. A mess of different emotions welled up inside me,  and I couldn’t hold them in any longer: despair at her betrayal of my trust; frustration at my failure to land a single hit on a fellow witch; sadness at being shunned, avoided, and ignored despite all my work just because I was so young. I couldn’t stop them from pouring out of me and smothering my sense of reason. I couldn’t take any more of this.
“Urgh…uwaaaaaahhh…”
I cried. I slumped down right where I was standing and started sobbing. I wiped and wiped at my stinging eyes, but the large teardrops wouldn’t stop. I tried to bite my lip to keep from wailing and sounding even more pathetic, but I didn’t know how to make myself stop. I just sat in the middle of the meadow and cried. I’m sure I was hard to watch.
“Eh? Huh? Um…” Miss Fran looked at me as I cried, her eyes darting around in surprise and confusion. She approached me cautiously. “S-s-s-sorry! I wasn’t expecting you to cry…”
Both of her hands moved restlessly as she spoke. “Waaaaaahhh…”
“Ahhhhhh…”
I didn’t want her to see me crying, so I hid my eyes with both hands. Of course, that didn’t stop the tears. I bit down extra hard on my lip this time, but I just trembled. Nothing I tried was working; I kept on crying despite my best efforts to stop.
And as for Miss Fran—who knows what she was thinking—she began to search here and there for some way to stem the flow of tears.
“O-okay! …Hey, look here, Elaina. I made one of those butterflies you love!” Fran conjured some ice, whittled it into the shape of a butterfly, and showed it to me. But I’m not even the one who likes butterflies.
I continued crying.
“Huh…? It didn’t work…? In that case, how about this? A crown made out of weeds!” In a single stroke, she had cut down the weeds growing around us using wind magic, rolled them up, and made them into a crown for me. She tried to put the crown on top of my pointy hat, and I did my best to avoid her.
“N-no good…? Well then, how about this? Look, a fireball!” I had no idea what she thought that would accomplish.
“I’m running out of options… I’ll make funny faces! Look here, hey! Hey!” I ignored her.
“Um, well then…in that case… Oh yeah!” Finally, after trying every method, she hugged me. It seemed like a desperate measure, something she would only do if there was absolutely nothing else left to try, but it had an instantaneous effect. The swell of my tears and emotions immediately began to recede.
“Mnnn…” I immediately tried to shove her away with all my strength. “There, there. Calm down, Elaina.”
“Stop it…! What—what are you trying to do…?!”
She probably thought I was embarrassed, but that wasn’t even close. I was rejecting her embrace because I really, truly hated it. But her arms were coiled around me, squeezing me with surprising strength. There was no getting away.
“I’m sorry, really I am. I overdid it a little bit, didn’t I?”
“…Don’t joke around! You were having a great time bullying me, and now you want to play nice? You never had any intention of helping me become a witch!”
“Enjoying it? I never…”
“Let me go…! I hate it! I hate everybody! All the witches in Robetta, and you,
too! You’re all the same! Ugh, and I believed you when you said you were different from the witches at home!”
“……”
“You don’t even know how hard I worked! You just see the end result and scoff at it! Why can’t just one person see me for who I am?! I’m—I just…I just want approval, but—”
The arms embracing me squeezed tighter.
“I really am sorry, Elaina. I truly understand how you feel.” She smoothed my hair. “You’ve endured everything so well.”
“I told you to stop it…! You’re trying to fool me again, aren’t you?” My voice was wavering.
“No, I’ll stop deceiving you. I’ll tell you everything. I can’t take any more of this, either,” she said, placing both hands on my shoulders and looking at me straight on. Her ever-present smile was tinged with sadness.