“Do I really look that upset?”
“Indeed. It’s the only emotion I see on your face.” “Really…”
“Truly.” I nodded vigorously.
In my experience to date, when it comes to business dealings, hesitation is directly connected to failure. The moment you show hesitation—the moment a crack becomes visible—that’s when the other party starts to be suspicious of you. In other words, it’s best to act with confidence.
That’s why I promptly asserted, “Quite often we don’t know what is bothering us. For example, lack of confidence in your personal appearance, or problems at work, or feelings of dread about failing to meet our soul mate even after such a long time—”
“……!”
I spotted the slight change in his expression. Aha, so he’s having trouble finding a girlfriend. Is that it?
“You’re feeling troubled because…you cannot find a girlfriend. Isn’t that right?”
“…I guess so, yeah.”
He turned to look away, and I spoke again. “Shall I read your fortune and find
out when your soul mate will appear before your eyes?”
I took out my wand and summoned some magical energy. With a cute poof!
sound, a small flame appeared.
“…Ah.” And immediately after it appeared, it was blown out by a breeze. Apparently, I hadn’t summoned enough magical energy. Smoke drifted from the tip of my wand in a reluctant farewell.
I was supposed to examine the flames to tell a fortune, but it wasn’t happening.
After blowing all the rest of the smoke out, I waved my wand around. “Ah, I see, I see.”
“Huh? That was enough?”
“Yes. What I just performed is known as a smoke reading, a style of fortune- telling in which I predict your fortune by examining the smoke.” A lie, of course.
“I’ve never heard of anything like that.”
“That may well be so. This style of fortune-telling is a secret art, passed down through the generations of my family, so it’s not something that most people would know about.”
I couldn’t afford to blow my cover, so I had to cut off the idle chitchat. “By the way, regarding your soul mate…”
“Y-yeah. So? When can I meet her?” “Today.”
“Huh, today? Wait, are you saying it’s y—?”
“This evening, your soul mate shall appear before your eyes,” I continued, before he could embarrass himself and say something he would regret. “If you go straight ahead from here, there’s a plaza with a fountain, right? There should be a broken bench next to the fountain.” I took something out of my purse and held it out to him. “If you wrap this around your hand and stand next to the bench, your soul mate will appear before you.”
He took the object from my hand and tilted his head in confusion.
“…What’s this? It just looks like an ordinary piece of string.”
“It most certainly is not. That is a magic string, imbued with my magical energy. It has the power to draw your fortunes to you.”
I hadn’t actually put any magical energy into the string, of course. And even if I were to do so, it wouldn’t have the power to draw anyone’s fortunes closer. In fact, I had picked up the string earlier at one of the stalls.
“If I have this string…I’ll meet my…”
“Your soul mate, yes. Now look sharp and go wait until this evening. You wouldn’t want to disappoint the one you’re destined for, would you?”
Somewhat puzzled, the young man gripped the string tight. “Got it. I’m going to wrap this string around my hand and wait by the bench.”
He stood up to leave, wearing a renewed smile, but I stopped him immediately.
“Sir, the fee for the string and the fee for the fortune-telling come to one gold piece all together.” The youth grimaced visibly, until I said the magic words: “Worry not. If by chance you do not meet the one, I shall offer you a full refund.”
About an hour had passed since the gloomy-faced young man had left.
A single young woman walked by. Her dress was plain, and so was her face— everything about her was plain, really. She looked about the same age as me.
There was plenty to work with, but she was squandering her potential with clothes that looked like they came off the closet floor, to say nothing of her poor skin and hair regimen.
Just like my dull silver coin. And so my next customer had been chosen.
“Hey, you!” I called out to her as she passed by, head down. “Am I correct in assuming you are struggling to find a lover?”
The young woman jumped in surprise and turned toward me. “…M-me?” “Yes, you.”
“Um, who are you?”
“Goodness, how rude of me. I completely forgot to mention that I am a traveling fortune-teller,” I said shamelessly, then pushed up my pointy hat and stared at her.
The girl trembled like prey caught in the eyes of a predator. “H-how did you know that?” she fearfully asked.
“I know these things. I am a fortune-teller, after all. I can see everything, from your troubled feelings to your fated soul mate.”
“M-my soul mate? Y-you can really see that?”
“Indeed. I can see him clearly before my very eyes.” Of course, it was all lies. “Then when will he appear?”
“Today.”
“T-today…?”
The girl looked at me with apprehension, her heart racing at the mention of a soul mate. But I was in no rush. Everything was proceeding exactly as planned.
“If you go straight ahead from here, there is a plaza with a fountain, right? There should be a broken bench next to the fountain.” And so, keeping a very even composure, I told her the rest. “This evening, a young man with an old piece of string wrapped around his hand will appear there. He is the one.”
Things continued in this fashion for a while.
I picked up some rocks around the area and told people they would improve their fortunes, manipulated soul mates into meeting each other, and so on. After several days of excellent business, my purse was bulging with coins. By my estimation, I had made enough to live large for several months here.
Well, well, I must give my thanks to the king who made the counterfeit coins.
Since the prices were so high in this country, I used up a lot of money on room and board, but everyone was happy to pay a much higher rate for my “services” than usual. The actual value of money in this country was lower than in other countries.
“…Yes—I have imbued this HALF-OFF sign with my magic power. If you hang it in
front of your shop, bread will be flying off the shelves.” “Really? I’ll try it right away.”
“Is that so? Well, the fee for the sign and the fee for the consultation come to three gold pieces all together.”
“Are you giving me three signs?”
“The price is for one, obviously. Something wrong with your head?” The coins in my wallet multiplied once again.
I sold my handwritten sign to the woman from the bread shop, who had come to me after hearing rumors about my services, and with that my work was over for the day. A joyful jingling noise was coming from my very heavy wallet.
Well then, time to return to my pitiful lodgings. I stood up, stretched a bit, and collected my belongings.
“You there!”
Suddenly, someone grabbed my shoulders from behind, and I turned around in surprise. Standing there was a soldier.
Several soldiers, in fact. There were about ten of them, all dressed alike, and they slowly fanned out to surround me. Each one was holding a spear, and they had guns slung across their backs. They didn’t really seem to belong here.
“You’re the fortune-teller, right?” the man standing directly in front of me demanded.
“No, you’re mistaken.”
“Don’t lie. We’ve been watching you interact with customers.” “……”
Sweat broke out on my cheeks.
Crap. Crap, crap, crap.
What do I do? Someone must have made a complaint about me running a scam—but it’s not like I really cheated anybody. Ahhh, what do I do now…? I can’t run; they’ve got me surrounded. I could use magic to escape, but I don’t
want to make enemies of an entire country…
“Come with me,” the man in front of me said dispassionately. “The king wants to meet you.”
I couldn’t believe my ears—but I’m sure that’s no surprise.
The circle of men around me brought me through their bland city and arrived at a very bland palace. Save for the ludicrous prices, there was really nothing interesting about this country at all.
On a raised dais where two staircases met in the most spacious room in the palace, a young man sat on an expensive-looking chair between two thrones.
From his seat, the young king looked down at me and spoke. “So you are the traveling fortune-teller, hmm? You’re quite young.”
“You are quite young yourself, Your Majesty. I thought you would be more advanced in years.” The soldiers glared at me coldly, but I hadn’t meant to be snarky. I really was expecting someone older.
The king addressed the soldiers. “You can all go. Leave us,” he said, brushing them away with his hand. The soldiers withdrew, leaving only the two of us in the spacious chamber, and the king spoke again. “I’ve heard rumors that you can actually predict the future. Is that true?”
“Yes, well…it’s more accurate to say that I help the future along.” “And do your abilities only work on humans?”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m asking if it might work on a broader scale as well.” His voice was quite calm. I couldn’t get a read on what he was thinking at all.
Does he believe in my abilities? Or does he doubt them? Or did he see through my lies?
I skirted the question. “What kind of future do you want to know about?” “The future of this country,” the young king replied.
“The future of the country… Huh.” As I was nodding obediently, I thought,
That’s it? You didn’t need to be a fortune-teller to predict the future of this
country. It was simple.
Oh well, I’m not really a fortune-teller anyway.
“Before I answer your question, there is one thing I would like to ask you, Your Majesty.”
“What is it?”
“Please	tell	me	your	reasons	for	putting	counterfeit	money	into	your country’s economy.”
He knit his eyebrows and let out a sigh. “That’s nonsense.