After we returned to the castle, Mirarose told me everything. It was quite a tale, and she gave me all the details.
Several years ago, she had had a lover.
However, he was a servant, and they had kept their relationship secret from everyone. If her father had found out that she had fallen in love with a boy from a different social class, he would have disowned her. Out of fear, she kept his company in secret, so as not to be discovered.
The two of them had nothing but trust and love for each other.
However, all secrets come to light sooner or later, and theirs was no exception. The fact that she was in love with a servant became a well-known piece of gossip.
Then Mirarose became pregnant with his child. Realizing that it was no longer
possible to hide their love, the two of them confessed everything to Mirarose’s father, the king.
The king listened silently to their story, nodding seriously several times, and when they finished, he announced, “The servant will be executed.”
No one could appease his wrath.
The king carried out the punishment himself. He mounted a horse and dragged the servant around the city behind a carriage, carefully pulled his nails off one by one, smashed his teeth, submerged him in water, gave him just enough food to keep him from starving, held him teetering between life and death for two months, and tortured him in every other way imaginable until the boy went mad, then finally brought his wretched life to an end by burning him  at the stake in front of Mirarose and all the citizens.
Then, after he was finished with the servant, it was Mirarose’s turn.
As she was his beloved daughter and the country’s only witch, the king didn’t kill her, but he couldn’t forgive her for carrying a servant’s child in her belly. The king paid a high sum to a local doctor to secretly terminate her pregnancy. Naturally, the child was never born, no matter how many months she waited.
And so, having lost everything, Mirarose made a vow. A vow to kill everyone.
She carefully developed a plan. The very first thing she did was to block off the castle. For the purpose of her plan, the castle would have to become a reliable safe haven. Since the other people who lived there were getting in the way of her preparations, she locked them all in the basement.
Everyone, that is, except the king.
She threw the king out of the castle and sealed him out. It was a seal so strong that only an individual possessing strong magic powers could break it— which was why I, a witch, had been able to enter.
Next, she had written a letter to her future self—rather, she had the letter written for her. She pulled one of the castle residents from the basement prison and ordered them to do the writing while she stood next to them dictating. If the letter had been in Mirarose’s own hand, it could jeopardize the plan.
Then, after concealing the letter she had written in a desk drawer, she looked down from the window of her room at the king, who was trying desperately to get into the castle. The king spotted her, and his ire rose again. He shouted awful things at her: “This is all because you got pregnant with a servant’s child” and “You are no longer my daughter!”
She calmly lowered her wand at the clamoring king and cast a spell on him… trading her own memory for the spell’s power.
The magical energy born from Mirarose’s memories and despair washed over the king and transformed him. He grew extremely large, scales appeared on his skin, and he seemed to lose all of his human intelligence. He became a black dragon.
The king’s name had been Javalier. It was no simple coincidence that the monster had the same name. With the creation of the monster that would only be active at night, her plan was complete. Her magic nearly exhausted, she fell into a deep slumber.
The next time Mirarose opened her eyes, she had forgotten everything. However, it had all gone according to plan. At that point, there was nothing to do but walk down the path she had laid out for herself. Mirarose’s battle against the black dragon was also part of the plan, as was the fact that during the battle, the memories bound to the monster would return to her.
However, I still had some questions.
Why had she gone out of her way to transfer her memories? Mirarose must have been quite troubled to have woken up with amnesia. Moreover, I wondered if retaining her memories would have made this less unpleasant.
When I asked her, she let out a little laugh. “I gave the king my memories to show him my anguish.”
In truth, King Javalier had not lost all of his human intelligence when he became a black dragon. Apparently, though his body had been taken over by the transformation, his human consciousness still existed within a corner of the beast’s mind. That was Mirarose’s plan for him.
She must have wanted to torment the king very badly indeed to go through
with such a complicated plot. After becoming a rampaging monster, King  Javalier had crushed his subjects with his own hands. With his head full of the memories that Mirarose had forced into him, he had slaughtered the subjects  he had once loved, and then…
…And then the rest proceeded neatly according to her plan, and the story came to an end. She had become the queen of an empty country, all by her own doing.
The following morning, I left the castle without so much as touching the breakfast that Mirarose had fixed for me.
“You’re going already, are you?” she said calmly. She didn’t seem particularly saddened by the idea.
“I’m sorry. I am a traveler, after all. I must hurry to the next place.” “Oh, is that so? That’s too bad. It was so much fun talking with you.” “……”
“Can’t you spend a little more time here?” “Please, stop.”
“I’m only kidding.” She smiled, but there was nothing gentle about it anymore. It was twisted and full of darkness. The girl I had come to know was nowhere to be found.
“What will you do now, Mirarose?”
“Let’s see, what shall I do…? If I feel up to it, I suppose I could go traveling.” “I don’t recommend it.”
“You wouldn’t mind if I joined you, would you?” “Really, stop.”
“Kidding again. The truth is, I haven’t thought of anything yet. For now, I want to savor my vengeance.” She rubbed her belly, just like a mother who was nurturing new life.
There was nothing more I could say, so I decided to wrap things up.
“Well, good-bye, then. Take care.” I got on my broom as I spoke. “You too.”
I took off into the air and made a beeline through the wind.
She must be waving good-bye. But I don’t feel like looking back.
I left that place as fast as I possibly could, speeding past the rubble of her fallen land.
CHAPTER 13
The Start of a Journey
When I was young, I loved books.
I can’t even remember when I started reading, but I’ve been a bookworm for as long as I can remember. Whenever I had free time, I would pull a book from the shelf at home and read, and nearly every time my family went out, I would pester my parents for a new one.
Maybe that’s why I didn’t have many friends my age. I didn’t play outside much, choosing instead to spend my time holed up in my room. My parents worried about me, but I had everything I wanted in life. After all, I always had a book by my side.
Among my books, I had a favorite novel series called The Adventures of Niche. A short story collection in five volumes, it contained the adventures of a witch named Niche who traveled to various exotic locales across the globe.
The author’s name was Niche, same as in the title. But that was simply a pen name; her real name was something completely different. In the afterword to each volume, she wrote, “I penned these novels based on my own experiences.”
To young Elaina, a girl who had not taken a single step outside of the Peaceful Country of Robetta, the hero Niche, who wandered from place to place as she pleased and saw the wide, beautiful world, was a shining beacon. I loved those books maybe a little too much and read them all many times. The books started to fall apart.
And eventually, I decided I wanted to be just like Niche.
I want to try traveling like that, too, I began to think.
And so young Elaina made an announcement to her mother. “When I grow up, I’m going to go on an adventure like Niche,” I said.
Gently patting my head, my mother answered, “All right, when you grow up.” She smiled and added, “But if you want to travel, first you’ll have to become a
witch like Niche, okay?”
“If I become a witch, I can become a traveler?”
“Yes. That’s why you must try your hardest at your magic studies.” “Study hard, become a witch, and then I can travel?”
“Of course.” “Really?”
“Yes, really.” “Really, really?” “Yes, really, really.” “Yay!”
It all started from such a small thing, but my desire to see the world spurred me on through the years I spent working to become a witch.
I spent almost every day studying alone.
My mother kept me company while I practiced my magic.
My mother was so skilled at magic that you would be surprised to know she had never had any formal training. She was a good teacher, and before I knew it, I was quite good at using magic. So good, in fact, that I was able to become an apprentice witch at the age of fourteen.
It was a long, arduous path, but never once did I think of quitting. I simply continued working hard.
Then I completed my training with Miss Fran and became a full-fledged witch.
I believe it happened several days after I returned to my parents’ home with the star-shaped brooch on my robe. I was sitting across from them at the table after we had finished breakfast, and I said, “I’m a witch now, so please allow me to travel.”
My father lifted his head from his newspaper and frowned. My mother didn’t look particularly surprised and calmly sipped her after-breakfast tea.