”
“Hello. Are you the caretaker?”
She shook her head. “No. There is no caretaker here. I’m just here because I like the flowers.”
“No caretaker…? You mean these flowers are wild?” “Yes, that’s right.”
Wow.
I had thought flower fields only grew under the supervision of humans. Although I suppose flowers existed before humans did, so it’s not like they needed us to grow. But to think such amazing scenery could exist just by the power of nature, without a helping human hand…
Incredible.
“Are you a witch?” Noticing my chest, the girl tilted her head. “Indeed. I’m on a journey.”
“How wonderful— Oh, actually, in that case, I have a request.” “Sure, if it’s something I can do.”
The girl picked a number of flowers, removed her jacket, wrapped it around them, and held them out to me. It was an impromptu bouquet. “If it’s all right, I’d like you to take this bouquet to the country you’re going to.”
“Is there someone you want me to give them to?” I asked in confusion as I accepted the bouquet.
“No one in particular. I only ask that they be given to someone who can appreciate their beauty. That much is important.”
Meaning, I suppose, that you want to spread the word about this flower field. I certainly understood the desire to show this beautiful vista to someone.
“In other words, you want me to advertise the flower field, right?” “Do you not want to?”
“No, I don’t mind at all. In fact, I’m more than happy to,” I replied.
The girl smiled with deep relief and said, “Thank goodness.”
For a short while after that, we engaged in light but lively conversation. At least, I think we did. I told her about the places I had visited so far, and she told me about her favorite flowers.
After we had passed some pleasant time together, I said, “Well then, I’m going to continue on, so I’ll give your flowers to someone in the next country, okay?”
“I’m counting on you, Miss Traveler.” She shook my hand with a smile. “……”
Something felt strange. “You can’t leave this place, can you?”
“No, I can’t,” she told me plainly. “I’m fine, really, as long as I stay here in this flower field. I spend all day with the flowers. I’m happy just being here in the sunlight. Isn’t it wonderful?”
The girl never got up from her spot.  “Stop right there, missy. Hey, I said stop!”
I had flown my broom several hours from the flower field and arrived at another country when a guard in black clothing came out to greet me in a less- than-welcoming tone of voice.
He has no reason to yell at me like that, and why’s he calling me “missy”?! Even the most good-natured person in the world would have a hard time being treated this way. Naturally, I got a bit angry.
However, I didn’t let it show. I’m an adult, after all. “You a traveler?”
“Yes. Can’t you can tell by looking at me?” “What’s with that bouquet?”
“Oh, it’s nothing really.” “……”
“What?”
“Lemme see it.” He pushed toward me and snatched the bouquet from my hands.
“Wha—? Hey!” Enough was enough, and I wasn’t about to let him treat me this way. I got down from my broom, grabbed ahold of the flowers, and tried to take them back. But the guard brushed my hands aside and stared so hard at  the flowers you’d think he was trying to burn a hole through them. My protests had no effect.
To make matters worse, the man just grimaced and muttered, “Wait a minute… Are these from—?” but I had no idea what he was on about.
…This guard is such a jerk.
“Where did you get these?” he asked. “What does it matter? Give them back.”
“Don’t tell me you picked them up in a flower field?”
“What business is it of yours?” You’re really underestimating me, you know. How should I go about punishing you? Perhaps I should reduce you to ashes. I pulled out my wand.
“Hey, what’re you doing?”
I was getting ready to fire off a gust of wind when I heard a new voice behind me—and this one had even more authority behind it.
What the heck? Is this country just full of macho guys with big attitudes? I turned around, fuming.
“That belongs to the traveler. Give it back.”
Standing there was a middle-aged man dressed in the same black clothing as the young guard. He was glaring not at me, but at his young colleague.
I turned back to the younger guard to find him gripping the flower bouquet and clearly upset at being caught. “But, sir, this…this is…”
“I’ll know when I look at it. I’ll handle the rest, so stand down.” “No, this is—”
“Stand. Down. Didn’t you hear me? Go take a break.”
“…Tch.” The young guard clicked his tongue, and after shooting me another nasty look, he turned to leave.
“Ah, my bouquet, if you would.” “……”
The young guard turned back, radiating protest with his entire body. “…Here.” He shoved the flowers back at me.
“Thank you kindly.”
He didn’t answer, but he did finally leave. Every single thing he did was irritating. I was glad to be rid of him.
If we ever met again, he wouldn’t be so lucky next time.
After confirming that the younger guard was no longer in sight, the older guard who had been addressed as “sir” turned to me with an apologetic expression. “My apologies, Madam Witch. His younger sister recently went missing, and he’s been acting this way ever since. Please forgive him.”
“It didn’t bother me that much.” A lie, obviously.
“Anyway, as for those flowers… I’m sorry, but would you please let me dispose of them? Bringing them into this country is strictly forbidden.”
“Forbidden? Like, these flowers specifically?”
I didn’t understand what he meant or what he was trying to accomplish.
Unconsciously, I hugged the flowers tightly.
“Those flowers are cursed,” he said matter-of-factly, without trying to pull them out of my hands. “They’re harmless to a witch like you, but apparently they contain a spell that drives nonmages mad. I don’t know all the details, but that’s the information we have now.”
“…Cursed?”
He nodded. “People who fall for those flowers are led to where they grow, then become their food. They’re never seen again. That’s why the flowers are forbidden.”
“……”
“Is something wrong?” “…No.”
If we assume there really is a curse on these flowers—and I suspect that might be the case—why didn’t the girl who gave me this bouquet try to stand up even once? And why was she sitting in the flower field? I’d been puzzling over these points the entire time.
What if it wasn’t that she didn’t stand up, but that she couldn’t stand up?
What if the lower half of her body was no longer hers?
……
“Um, about that young guard’s little sister…”
“Oh. Several days ago, she went into the forest where the flowers grow, and  she hasn’t been seen since.”
He lowered his gaze. He was looking at the bouquet. “Say, miss…did someone give those to you? Perhaps—”
“No.” I interrupted him. “I gathered these myself. The clothing wrapped
around the flowers is one of my spare shirts.” So I don’t know anything about the guard’s sister.
I cut off his questioning with a shameless lie.
After that, I entered the country and found that there wasn’t much in the way of sightseeing, so I headed for an inn. I rented a room for only one night, took a bath, and slid under the covers.
Staring up at the cheap wooden planks of the ceiling, I deliberated about the flower field, and about the girl sitting there.
There was a book I had read a long time ago, The Adventures of Niche, in which there had been a story about another strange plant. As I recall, in one part of that story, there was a plant with a mutation that caused it to absorb magical energy rather than exude it the way normal plants did. It gained sentience and eventually became violent.
First, I should clarify that the substance we know as “magical energy” flows freely from every part of the natural world. Flowers, trees, and other flora especially produce and exude magical energy by absorbing sunlight. Honestly, I don’t really understand the theory behind it all.
Anyway, the human body is typically unable to absorb this energy, but there are certain people who can harness it regardless, and even use it at will. We call them mages.
That’s why our powers can reach their full potential in the middle of a forest overflowing with raw magical energy. When I was still studying to be a witch, the place where my teacher trained me was also a forest.
You could say that we mages resemble the mutated plant in The Adventures of Niche. We have become able to handle things that humans ordinarily can’t.
…Or is it that people who can’t do magic are the rare ones?
I don’t know which is which. I feel like it might not be a good idea to think too deeply about these things. Plus, sitting and trying to puzzle it out doesn’t amount to much in the end. It’s like trying to logic out which came first, the chicken or the egg. Completely unproductive.
“…Yawn.” I covered my mouth and rubbed my eyes. I’m not tired yet. I’m fine.
Not tired, not tired—the flower field.
Maybe the flower field had evolved in a strange way because there was too much magic. Like the sentient plants in the story. Thinking about it, the forest around the flower field was so overgrown with trees, you couldn’t see the sun through the foliage. The magical energy produced in such a place could create the necessary conditions.
It wouldn’t really be so strange for the flower field to mutate due to the great overabundance of magical energy.
And so the flower field began to draw humans in with whispers of nectar- sweet poison. What on earth had been born there?
“……”
What had become of the humans lured to that flower field? A bad feeling took root in my mind, and I couldn’t shake it.
“Hello again, Madam Witch. Leaving already?”
It was the following morning, and the older guard I’d met the previous day was standing at the border gate. It seemed that he remembered me, and he greeted me with a cheerful smile.